[Music]
is that when you think about the first
time we met what do you remember that I
thought you were gay you know that do
you know that what do you love about our
relationship
I love how very different we are
although I sometimes hate how very
different we are and I love I love that
you're in it and I love sharing almost
everything with you and spending not as
much time as I'd like but more than with
anybody else and I think that feeds our
relationship when do you feel closest to
me
[Music]
it's weird one more nut to it probably
for long periods of time well not for
long periods of time but when we're not
together at some point and I think about
you so like very deeply and I feel very
connected but maybe that's maybe there's
a better answer and I just can't think
of one now
yeah or also when other people talk
about how close we are
that makes me it reminds me of that and
I think about it again
it's good and I think we take each other
for granted when we're together there's
new year - do you have do we have enough
sex never never no yeah you always it
could always be more
and in our particular case I think it
could be even more and more I would like
yeah okay
what are you has attempted to tell me
wait wait what are you hesitant to tell
me
hmm
I don't know not in general but once I
was very I hesitated about to tell you
that I didn't miss you that much and I
had a really hard time after going to
Spain
when I went with my friends and I miss
you but not as much as you miss me
so I hesitated at all and I ended up not
telling you that but I'm telling you no
I think I knew that you knew that yeah
yeah probably I am it was to support a
few hours that I found out we time but
in general I don't know I don't think
I'd hesitate I don't think you hesitate
to tell anybody anything cuz maybe you
like things related to sex but not
really I don't hesitate
I don't usually hesitate in general
that's true yeah my turn
what would you do if I cheated on you ah
no idea but I think I would have a very
hard time forgiving you I mean I don't
think I could say that I wouldn't be
able to forgive you because I haven't
had to go through it yeah but I I'd have
a hard time envisioning a circumstance
under which well there I don't think
there's any circumstance under which it
would be justifiable then and whether or
not I'd forgive you for it anyway be
pretty I would not expect you to forgive
me
yeah am I the best sex you've ever had
mm no sometimes sometimes yeah
you I just asked you what's the one
thing I know the answer
what's the one thing you can't stand
about me they only have to be one day
what's the one thing like this thing
that maybe the thing that you hate the
most probably or you can't just spend
the most and you know the answer the one
thing I can't stand about you is I don't
think is anything I can't stand or we
wouldn't be here but if there's
something that maybe frustrates me
sometimes is
I think you could probably be more
patient sometimes but I also know that I
ask a lot in terms of patience no but no
I don't think there's anything I
absolutely can't stand I thought you
were gonna say my honesty no that's the
best thing but sometimes you hate okay
yeah I dislike it when it puts us in
uncomfortable situations but more often
than that it's a good thing and
everybody tells you it's a good what are
you scared it to tell me Oh
similar to the other one why do I
hesitate well maybe I don't have a
particular example and I think I it's
the mirror to the other one but maybe
some something related to my own
insecurities because I'm scared of them
I will be ascared telling you but what
would I be Oh what are you no I'm not
scared of telling you anything
not yet I believed
least the top three best memories from
our relationship on you get the best one
now you can help me in section top
memories I mean it wasn't a specific
moment but camping that Patagonia
mmm-hmm what more fun it up yeah that's
probably number one for me and the
engagement that was pretty awesome too
yeah and both weddings but I think those
are sort of obvious yeah actually you
know what I think for me watching you
graduate from Otis was one of the most
the amount of time and suffering that
went into that was about as happy as
I've been I think I think that's more
than three things so we'll see what
happens when you graduate next year
again what's the biggest compromise
you've made that I haven't acknowledged
I always acknowledge things and I had
big compromises that I've done but I
think you're gonna lose them pretty well
okay good
let me know not true
did you ever want children with me did I
yeah yes in theory but I'm happy it
hasn't happened in practice yeah of
course fairly soon yeah you do yet all
the hard ones who has more power in the
relationship you or me
it really depends I am more powerful for
some things like what you take you take
over sometimes I do it's just maybe me
well I have a stronger person I mean
your more we just observe for me you're
more of an observer and then I'm in
action mode was at the time so probably
that makes me more powerful but I don't
think so I don't know power is the water
that I don't like anyways
kind of concert the question is like
this I think that's a good answer and I
agree it's your turn
oh you're right yeah that have short
memory Oh what do you think I am
insecure I think you are not enough
insecure I think you're apprehensive
about your profession just wait for the
sound that's nice
you've caught they doesn't know how to
dress like a million customers
it affects me
[Music]
[Music]
yeah I don't think insecure is actually
the word I was thinking but I think
there's been so much time building up to
the moment where there aren't any
academic hurdles or anything that that
you're probably anxious about it mm-hmm
but insecure I mean on a somewhat
superficial level I think you're
insecure about your ability to
communicate which i think is crazy
because I think you're very good at
communicating in both in all the
languages that you speak but I don't
think you're a very insecure person in
do no good
think you're wrong but
what do I do that detract from our
relationship what ways the truck like
takes away from our announcer you just
you
it takes away
come on Ellis suck who my lord my lord
was a come on their matter he said hmm
it's negative oh yeah I don't know you
know you don't qualify for a question I
don't think so I know all that's in the
time we have shared together do you have
any recent resentment towards me
resentment towards you
No
I mean I think there are small things
that we've had to deal with or get over
but they I don't think there's a
lingering resentment I think of anything
lingers for too long it would be very
obvious mm-hmm and I don't think that's
the case I think it's part of the
day-to-day fighting or things is to work
out something before it turns into
resentment mm-hmm
when do I hurt you when do you like in
general
yeah or whenever but when do I or
something I do all the time he's strong
I don't think you ever heard well the
time that you you know the time that you
you took awhile to propose and I was I
had to go back to Argentina because of
my reason and you were not proposed you
know I was so mad at you that was that I
could call I would say that was
resentment or you heard me but that was
the past and those and you finally
eventually proposed so it wasn't really
it was just fun though but I kind of
hated you that's the only time that I
remember that it was something anything
similar to be hurt hurt from
by you but not I wouldn't be with
someone or even one so there's nothing
regular or not even happened was the sex
for that thing that you're fixed
so yeah Michael why do you love me I ask
this to him three orphans thank you no
but I prepared for this quest we do know
I love you because I think I understand
you
and I love that and you understand me
and I think that you are you've made a
lot of sacrifices which speaks a lot to
the love that you've shown me which
makes me love you even more and I love
you as a person because of all the
things we've been talking about and
that's how honest you are and I love how
engaging you are with people and how
well we complement each other because
we're so completely different and I love
[Music]
your mind and yeah I love your family I
love I love everything that makes you
you you got all the questions that were
hard to answer no I mean I I think that
was sort of yeah those are the questions
I would ask any question that I had to
make you to you or you wouldn't make me
just why do you love me you know I can't
hear no okay I know it's just I can I
can summarize there are many things
reason why I love you I think you're I
don't want to cry
I think you're the best human being in
the world
nu-uh
of course I love you because of that
