ah hey what are you favorite three
animals it's a card we're gonna ask that
question in a little bit okay hey Josh
hey trump on the card kiddo already rue
the first questions a really good
question you ready why do you love me
okay so you asked the question how do I
love you I love you with not just my
heart but with my head because you're
such a great kid and why I love you it's
because you are the little man put the
car down
sure now I get to ask this question
first okay what is the one thing you
love about me the most if you had to
choose one thing sure drawing that's the
thing you love about me the most I think
that might because we were just drawing
and what do you think is the thing that
you love about mommy the most what's
that hugs
okay now you have to ask the question do
you remember what the question was see
this is the second question say what do
you love most about me that's a really
tricky one Josh so many things about you
I think it's the fact that you are such
a wonderful little boy you make me proud
every single day of the person that you
become and every day I love you more
because of the person because that's a
pretty good question right
we're gonna line them up okay
oh they're friends the cards okay so
this question is what do you think is
special about our relationship u.s. get
first powder oh well I think that I'm
your favorite daddy and you're my
favorite son and I think that the two of
us totally understand what it's like to
be silly monkeys and what do you think
is special about our relationship
oh they're gonna jump over each other
what do you think is so special about
our relationship no we'll do this card
after you answer that question
it's your turn to answer that question
are your feet what's special about our
relationship what do you think is
special about our relationship Wow
no you don't answer that question is
nothing special about our relationship
there's something special about our
relationship
nothing okay no it's my turn to go first
yeah that's my turn you asked that
question first ready my first question
is what do you think I'm learning from
you
what do you think I'm learning from you
sheeps so oh Sh apes actually new shapes
pretty well before you you know what I
am learning a lot Wow dinosaurs I know
more about dinosaurs than I ever knew in
my whole life and I'm learning of that
from you I'm also learning patience and
learning patience and sweetness and I'm
learning to control my craziness
sometimes
okay now what hey oh you have to ask
that question that's right see what do
you think I'm learning from you I'm
curious no you gotta ask this question
okay well put it sideways but you have
to ask that question now see what do you
think I'm learning from you the Mayans
are here
okay well we'll pick the next line after
you ask you this question say what do
you think I'm learning from you you
gotta ask the question before I can
answer it buddy can you ask that
question or do you want to move to the
next one well you're my kid I'll tell
you what you're learning from me
everything okay if you could change one
thing about me what would it be
that's not a thing to change what's
something you don't like about me that
you would like me to change
yelling yeah you won't want me to yell
as much right and why is that
cuz I'm angry yeah and now you can ask
me see if I could change one thing about
you what would it be know the way around
if I could change something about you so
you could change one thing about me what
would it be there's not that much cuz
you're a pretty great kid but I think I
would want you to listen a little bit
more okay
you knew that answer didn't you what is
the greatest lesson I ever taught you
running that's the best best thing I
ever taught you okay
now you ask see what's the greatest
lesson they ever taught you I'm supposed
to ask you two other questions right
Josh you gotta ask me that question now
can you ask what's the greatest lesson I
ever taught you what's the greatest
lesson I ever taught you what is the
greatest lesson you've ever taught me
you taught me how to have completely
unconditional fun in any situation okay
okay so this is your question first
ready say what's your favorite thing to
do with me and why go ahead and ask hey
see the paper the paper has the question
on it I'll hold the paper while you ask
the question or do you want me to hold
the paper I don't even remember the
question you're being so silly yeah got
it
say what's your favorite thing to do
with me and why I just saw something all
the way up into your brains can you say
what's your favorite thing to do with me
come on we're asking each other
questions over here okay ready
take a breath can you take a deep breath
go
[Music]
okay I'll ask you the question first oh
my god I see the question we're not just
here to last any laughs what's your
favorite thing to do with me
and why nah I'm asking you a question
yeah hey Joshua can you look at me in
the eyes for a second I really want to
know what you are acting like a
three-year-old right now silly goose are
you three year old no how old are you
four year old I don't think that's true
a three year old okay hey monkey man
what's your favorite thing to do with me
I really have is it is it my gym is that
your favorite thing to do with me
there's a story time before being silly
gooses when we play in the den yeah
going to parks is it just sitting in
your chair and laughing and wiggling
like a little monkey what's your
favorite thing to do with me a poo poo
okay well that is something you
occasionally do with me so I guess it's
a valid answer hey Joshua are we good to
be silly or are we here to ask questions
I'm gonna ask the next question because
you're being silly
[Music]
this is an interesting question it says
what do you remember from the first time
we met I don't think you can remember
back that far so I'll tell you what I
remember
first time we met because the first time
we met was you being born you were born
and the doctors took you away they had
to do all sorts of cleaning you up
because you were covered in yucky stuff
yeah yeah it was pretty yucky they took
you away the cleans you off and they
wrapped you up into a big baby bundle
what and then they brought you over to
me and they put you in my lap and they
looked at you I looked at you in the
face for the first time and I said oh my
goodness I'm a daddy and that is the
first thing I remember now I guess what
I will ask you is what is the earliest
thing you can remember about me right
these are the lines and then they become
Tigers once we ask the questions do you
remember our first Halloween yeah yeah
who were you on our first Halloween a
jack-o'-lantern weren't a
jack-o'-lantern on our first Halloween
oh well you wanna be on our first
Halloween that's true but that wasn't
their costume you were the monopoly man
on our first Halloween now yeah I don't
think you can remember back that far but
what can you remember what's the what is
the oldest thing you remember about me
bud that's the earliest thing you can
remember about me oh you don't get to
read the next question to answer this
one before we can get the next lion I
need you to ask the last tiger what is
the earliest thing you remember about me
bud Wow
do you remember anything about me do you
remember when I taught you to walk no
all right well we'll go with that
Oh
what have you learned from me that
changed you lots of tithers I think
we're losing this this interview here
Josh I think we may have lost a little
bit of track because one of us who is
under 30 he's being a little bit of a
silly monkey do you want to ask do you
say what have you learned from oh
there's a bear now what has the bear
learned from me that has changed the
bear what do you think didn't you work
so excited to ask questions and you were
really good with the first few questions
and now we've lost track entirely
exactly what is a question what is not
the question on the card all right we
did that what have you learned from me
questions so we're gonna go next
oh really Josh this is a super important
question ready are you ready yeah when
you grow up what do you want to be I
don't know this agile a dinosaur I don't
think that's gonna work what would you
like to me do you want to be a person
who studies dinosaurs don't talk the
wink
[Music]
what job what job do you want when you
grow up do you want to be a
paleontologist no no do you want to be a
doctor yeah do you want to be a monkey
no do you want to be a zookeeper no do
you want to be a fireman no do you want
to be a janitor yeah do you want to be a
filmmaker
no do you want to be an artist no do you
want to be a photographer mm-hmm now be
a stay-at-home daddy no do you want to
be
and upside down monkey no do you want to
work do you want to have a job when you
get older
I imagine you wanted to do something
right do I be an astronaut
mom well I've run through pretty much
every career I could think of oh do you
wanna be a writer no yeah that's it
that's all I could think of what do you
want to be Hawk t-rex you know that's
not something that adults grow up to be
right if you were a t-rex you'd be
extinct and I would be very sad
[Music]
well what job do you want this is the
one question I was looking forward to
asking you they so want to know the
answer Wow okay other than a dinosaur
what would you like you're gonna grow up
and be Bob ah what do you want to be
when you rub you want to know what I
wanted to be when I grew up
do you want to know what I wanted to be
I wanted to be an artist what and then I
grew up and I became a programmer laughs
I'm in the program that I use got
outdated it's an oh my god manager you
don't know what any of those things I
know do you know what I want it to be I
knew from really really on what I wanted
to be I wanted to be a daddy
I want it to be a daddy and you're the
one who made me bow it's pretty cool
this is the part where you go oh close
enough
this is Josh this is the last question
last question what do you love about me
what
batgirls fast yes there are two bears
two spares that's nothing you see two
bears and you know it what do you love
about me ah
before I told you what I thought I don't
even know what you're saying you know
what I simultaneously love about you and
drives me insane what you show me news
yeah hey Josh can you answer this last
question you don't have any Lions left
we have Tigers and we have bears we did
a pretty good job of answering the Lions
that became Tigers the Lions that became
bears not so much
mostly the answer so I'm not gonna find
out what you love about me ma ma do you
let anything about do you love anything
about me Dada do you love nothing about
me
do you look everything about me oh sure
hey Josh if you could be any dinosaur
what dinosaur would ya okay grads are Oh
which one I got two eyes artists I'll
catch you asaurus no I'm Joshua Soros oh
thank you Resort a Kentrosaurus if I was
a dinosaur what dinosaur do you think I
would be a t-rex yeah Wow if you were an
animal arrest a rhinoceros why would you
be a rhinoceros ow
Joshua you're facing the wrong way if
you were an animal what animal would you
be
did you be a sloth hanging upside down
sure yeah
[Music]
how about how about this ready Jess you
can ask me any question you want to ask
me questions you wanna ask me I don't
think they can get your face on camera
over here we came here we came here to
ask each other questions yeah and what
other questions right right you're
facing the wrong way