yeah each other to each other
hmm so what do you remember about the
first time you met so one of the first
things I remember is that I wore jean
shorts and you didn't shake my hand
uh-huh because you're afraid whether you
could shake my hand or not whether I was
show matter or not and your hair was not
as big as it was today but you had very
curly hair and I remembered that when we
were signing the form
um how we had the same we lived on the
same street
you lived on Sycamore Street and I
wasn't sick or an Avenue and I thought
that was really crazy and you had
terrible handwriting on the forum and I
did too and so I thought we had a lot in
common right away and you found out on
the first day we met you also found out
what room you were living in because you
hadn't found out before that and I
thought that was crazy
and you hadn't bought anything for your
dorm room yet and I thought you're crazy
and and that's basically it
you were pretty nice you're funny
okay what do you love about our
relationship I love that we like
complement each other so well I'm like
all over the place and you like have
your everything you like write down and
like your notes are color-coordinated
with like the subjects I think that's
ridiculous right I don't write anything
down so it helps that like knowing what
to do and scheduling good stuff
[Music]
also you're terrible in the night
morning like not something you're really
supportive like you know things are hard
sometimes and you okay with that you
understand I really appreciate that and
I think we're both like really
interested in exploring the finches
frolicking so we do that a lot
and so nothing's ever really boring
that's when do you feel closest to me
hmm probably after something really hard
or stressful happens and like then it
works out like if it was like right
after like a really stressful week or
like a really hard test or something and
it was terrible and then after I'm like
back to normal and not really stressed
out and not like really crazy and and
you're still there and like that's
really awesome like I feel like that's
that's really great example okay so
recently after we just made that movie
and we like we're sitting for like 10
hours straight like just like editing
this movie and it was like solely and
read school and it was terrible because
we didn't know what we were doing but
then like like after like
after the movie was completed we were
like really happy like and and then we
had done something together like doing
things together is also it's also really
great like when we finished it and it
was like our our product that was really
nice I felt felt pretty close yeah yeah
am I the best sex you've ever had
yes if not only for the fact that you're
the only person I've had sex with yeah
answer yes yes but only because I have
nothing to compare it to someone else
read this one it looks like tell me
about the time I disappointed you and
how do you feel about it now the one
time
I'm trying to think of a time when I was
really disappointed I get any good one
time disappointed okay tell me that one
time I don't know you're like coming
back like something stressful or like
from home and you asked me to to clean
your room or clean out that one thing I
didn't do it
you caught me like on the way to your
room yeah I actually do one thing and
you just did not you had all the time in
the world to do it and I just wanted to
do that one thing and you didn't do it I
remember that I remember that um
obviously I don't I barely even remember
it so I mean I don't really doesn't mean
too much to me now like looking back on
it it doesn't still affect me today um
[Music]
it's mostly little things I don't know I
don't you don't disappoint me with big
things it's nicely just little things
like like that like oh you didn't clean
out the Tupperware and that was the one
thing I actually do all weekend like you
probably said points to me sometime with
like some Oh a lot okay so I'll in the
beginning a lot of times in the
beginning disappointed me with like
things that you couldn't couldn't do
like whether like we couldn't go out to
eat together or whether we couldn't do
something like on a weekend that I
wanted to do that was really it was more
annoying than disappointed but also
disappointed that's what I feel like a
lot of this stuff probably most of
things that disappoint me are probably
probably more annoying the disappointing
honestly you don't disappoint no but um
yeah that was I mean that's that's kind
of not not so much a problem anymore but
that was all that other things were
disappointing I'd say and then how about
how I feel about it now
I mean still really sad like I don't
feel like we really missed out on too
much together because I feel like we can
make up for it now there's things now
that we can do that we wouldn't been
able to do before which is good so it's
not like I doesn't bother me too much
more now go now and I kind of think
about it I'm kind of like like remember
that time I think I put the I put the
cheese in the basil we were making and
you freaked out in the blender I was so
disappointed I was like I can't have
cheese in my basil pesto whatever and
also thoroughly embarrassed and sad
because you freaked out and all the
cheese but feelings like it's like funny
like yeah I was disappointed like now
it's kind of just not doesn't even faze
me
yeah that's forgotten about what are you
hesitant to tell me
[Music]
no I I generally tell you everything
one of my hesitant to tell them
I don't know I guess maybe I really
don't know her parents to me I think not
it would not be fun for anyone probably
give your family a bad impression of my
family and myself I know you want it and
so kind of don't mention it um what else
oh if down the line we did decide to get
married that would be possibly the worst
thing every family was ever it would be
an absolute disaster and I guess I don't
really want to tell you but all of your
plans cos like you're like really like
to plan that I don't know since when
probably since birth you've been
planning out your wedding but if it were
to happen it would definitely be nothing
like the way you planned it and you
probably would be a little disappointed
I mean that would be another
disappointment to add to the lists yes
you were also hesitant to tell me about
about Jonathan getting back to you about
about MBL right um yeah I mean I guess I
don't really like disappointing you and
like I don't want you to have like a
negative impression of my successes I
guess I don't know I got a little a
little afraid that I guess you would
judge me if when I wasn't able to go to
nvm you definitely wouldn't have I was
like irrational
yeah but I told you we did tell me not
as hesitant as you were to tell me about
your grades on the test
yes I was hesitant to tell you that
slightly more hits tune yeah
[Laughter]
am i slippage
good
easy one
do you trust that I can provide for you
yes I do I think yeah I think I think I
mean okay so provide different things so
in so if it was if there was a future
provide probably the first thing I would
think it would be like monetarily and I
think that would be I think you'd be
able to provide I don't think that would
be a problem
you definitely provide happiness you can
definitely provide that I do trust that
you can provide that I think you could
provide like a very interesting feature
that's probably not not so boring I
think I really I don't think we would
ever get bored of each other at least
not too soon um I say I trust that you
can provide that yeah I guess those are
two things that I that I care about and
I did you provide I did you trust that
you can provide them I think it's
something I don't trust thank you for
that does it happen
[Music]
I'm gonna think of something
I'll be relating you're off the hook for
now
what do I do that makes you think that
we shouldn't be together
this is also amazing a joke
you're very prone to outbreaks of
extreme anxiety and nervousness I mean
like they're not like like a huge
dealing that they go doesn't make me
question but like I guess I don't know
you get like anxious and then everything
becomes about you kind of and like it
turns into like a bad time for both of
us it doesn't really have to be and I
don't really like that very much like II
sometimes you yell like you're like I
don't know get angry at me for no reason
they're like spilling know kind of no
time for peanut butter okay okay we
smell peanut butter on my shirt yeah
what do I say what do I say to you
you spoke yeah that's that's a probably
the big thing I guess I would like if
you were able to get be more in control
of that I guess your anxiety is
sometimes you say hurtful things
and I don't like that so anything else
[Music]
you have a tendency to fall asleep a lot
like oh let's watch your movie or
something no I'm just gonna pass out
like oh we were watching The Lord of the
Rings you like it took like three nights
to finish that's a long way and you
can't even fully know the last movie
only two pretty nice to finish that's
still alone so long one okay yeah that's
just silly
no it's I got you that's a big one I do
fall asleep a lot you do yeah I think
that's it mostly the anxiety
hmm okay what do you hate about the
person I become around my family um I
don't know I mean it's it's not what I
hate
I don't know you're so censored you're
so censored and it makes me really sad
because you have to but like no we're
just so sad that you have to do that cuz
I feel really bad I don't know I don't
know you don't want to do that
and I don't want you to do that because
that's something she said to could you
don't want to do that it so that's
that's really sad I hate I hate that you
have to do that for both of us like it's
annoying for me cuz I want to be like I
want to share like everything we do like
with your family too it's like I want to
be close with your family and I want you
to share it because like they're your
experiences and like you should be able
to share them but if you can't share
certain things like like I feel like I
really hate that you have to do that um
give an example let me think of
something oh okay so one big one was
that when we went to see Bluma oh and
you didn't even tell your mom that the
trip was both of us going and not just
you didn't tell her at all that I went
with you and we were like driving with
her like a month later you're just like
oh me and Christine blah blah blah and
she was like wait what Christine and
you're like oh yeah she went to and
you're like yeah that was terrible
and you're just like so many so many bad
things that happened like oh I can't
imagine all the things your mom was
thinking about how you just hid that we
went on this trip together and like how
did like how he went there like on a bus
and but we didn't go on there on a bus
we drove my car and my car broke down
and like it's a whole story about how we
drew
there but like you just said that we
went on a buzz I mean totally didn't I
think you went on a bus I don't even go
and that was just like a total I um
that's a big that's a good name exactly
yeah that that was that one was really
funny I was really I was really mad you
they said thanks you're totally not
supposed to say that that's a big
mistake but like I hate that you had to
censor yourself and that you had to lie
and then like when the truth came out it
was like terrible like you shouldn't
have to be like you shouldn't have to
lie and you shouldn't have to be like so
embarrassed and like caught like caught
telling a lie like one the tree that
actually does come out like that's
really sad is anything else
I think I don't know maybe I don't know
it's just it's just different I'm trying
to describe it I don't want to say
you're like I think you try to be who
you used to be like because you
definitely different now I mean people
like just change like as they get older
but you're just like a lot a lot
different a like based on your like
experiences but also like with me and
like with your friends and like
definitely different from how you would
have been if you were like if you went
to like Queens College or something like
that like or stayed with different
friends or like we're still like really
Jewish so like you use like I feel like
you try to like still be that person
that you used to be and you try to act
like that maybe and so it's like it's
not like you like when you then you look
at me and then you're like oh yeah like
it's Jason this is Jason but sometimes I
feel like you try to be like what what
they want or like who you who you would
still be if that was still like your
bubble
how do you feel about the pressure from
my family um I feel pretty good about it
I don't really get that much pressure
there's a little bit like I'm sure they
wish that I was Catholic
what do they want they probably want
baptized children that don't I don't I
mean II like they like me and they don't
really there's not that much pressure I
know your um what is it your your
uncle's father-in-law be on it he's
pressuring me with it he's just
measuring it's like I don't know what
wasn't he just like wants me to marry
you like immediately something I don't
know what he wants he's really sick and
so he's like I don't know if I like you
you got really sick and so I yeah he's
probably just like I want I like them
both so like I want them both to get
married before but while I can still be
there that's probably why he's
pressuring you
yeah that's funny like that's not that's
I guess it's positive pressure you know
if it's unwanted that's good they're
really there really isn't a lot of
pressure to be honest that I feel
sometimes I feel like like um your mom
wants me to give you like more gifts or
do take you out more I guess but that's
very minimal and I feel like that's just
every every girlfriend's mom just once
more for the dog
overall I feel pretty good pretty good
about the pusher
how about pressure from my my dad or
brother do you feel any pressure from
now I feel no pressure from your dad
he's pretty chill I don't feel any
pressure from your brother I mean I kind
of want to like get along with him
better but he's in Indiana so not gonna
happen earlier I mean these Jill and I
think I think he likes me I like him so
you feel the most pressure for my mom
yes definitely I mean you probably you
probably do that about grandparents no
do grandparents like your grandma
specifically it was probably the only
one who would pressure me but I don't
feel like there is anything it's pretty
good actually
you're from your side okay this is a
good one it's a really good one kissing
okay how will we raise our kids that's a
very good question so so lots of
religious difficulty there so the way
that I I mean the I mean there's there's
many different ways to think about this
I don't know like I feel like I don't
know like my whole life when I thought
about having kids I'll just assume that
they would do like the same things that
I would do like I still want to live in
like Suffolk grow up and like um like a
suburban area sometimes like public
school like not worry about like private
fancy schools or anything like the
religious part for me is like not
important but I just assumed that would
happen because that's just like what
what I did also I assumed that I would
like celebrate Christmas and Easter and
just like holidays that I've always
celebrated
[Music]
like hung out and done things on
Saturdays um not had to worry about
other other end of things or also like
grazing with like probably like doesn't
seem amount of family time that I had
like my family is not like the closest
family in the world we're not like like
a crazy Italian family or anything like
that but like like we we spend a good
amount of time with my family like we
live all pretty close like to my uncles
and stuff like that so I see like my
cousins often whereas like like you
don't really see like your family so
much pretty separated so I kind of I
mean when I think about raising kids I
just think the kind of the same kind of
upbringing I had so saying all of that
since a lot of that probably the biggest
problems would be like with with
religious things like how they would be
raised religiously or with religion if
at all so like being being baptized or
getting a communion or a confirmation or
even celebrating Christmas at all would
be like really terrible with your family
because they would not want their sons
children to be baptized or celebrate
Christmas probably often um
and I don't know that it's not even like
the religious part is important to me
it's not like oh I need to get my child
baptized for religious reasons which
like you know that but like it would
just feel like something that like my
family would just want to celebrate like
we just want to like put our my baby and
like a white like gown and then like
pour water and said and like have a
party after it's like that's what I care
about that's my family cares about so
like that's not like it's not the
religious part it's just that like if we
didn't do it it would be like oh like
it's just not the it's not the same like
why didn't we do that like then it's
like oh that's weird so it's not a
religious thing we're just like you bet
worse like you what's about religion you
really oh okay
like understood but it's not even which
like annoys you even more
[Laughter]
so and and like yeah what's the old so
those are differences things that I
think that if we were to raise kids that
would be pretty pretty on the same level
which would be like we both want to
raise them in a way that would be like
really really comfortable for them we
wouldn't want to really force them to do
do things like especially the gorillas
just things or like other things like if
they would didn't want to do I think you
would probably agree with that and then
like we did both want to like raise like
smart kids like we don't have our kids
like we would probably like both do you
like like fun like learning things like
you probably you want to go to the zoo a
lot I feel like that'd be fine like we'd
probably go on like a lot of outings I'd
be like educational most I feel like
most kids probably outings are I don't
know like a lot I would want to do like
a lot of outside things and you'd want
to do like a lot of like educational
things so we would like have fun with
that I think I think I don't know would
you where do you would you want to raise
kids in like a suburban area or would
you want to try to do more urban um I
don't know I think either way is fine
I'm kind of I really like the city so
maybe I would entertain the idea of
remaining in the city
are you living in like Brooklyn or
Queens like I don't know what was the
like the the first house you grew up in
besides like the whole religious aspect
of it like how did you like that area it
was all right I took the bus and train
to school like really young yeah it's I
mean it's kind of convenient you don't
need a car or anything
I feel like guys mm-hmm yes that's kind
of how I feel I don't know I I'd
probably nervous like I don't want to be
bring like a stroller into the subway
like I'm not I like I feel so bad for
those people those women who do that I'm
like how do you do that cuz that's like
impossible I would not want to do that
at all so in that aspect
I would not want to like raise like
children like in a more urban area
broward like have to be using
transportation like that like where I
would not be able to have a car or I
could just like put a seat where would I
called see car seats yeah a car seat in
the car and like be able to do that like
really fast that would annoy me a lot
I'm like no I'd be afraid like even in
suburban areas you have to worry about
like like like things like in the
average like toxins or whatever but like
in the city it's a little bit more
worrisome like you never know what's
going on like in your like apartment or
outside like nearby is there like like
some kind of area or like like a where
do they call like places where garbage
are like you don't want to live like
next to that or like like I don't know
like like I don't ever want to raise
kids in that kind of an area not that
like where I live is so much better so
far away from all of that but I don't
know I find what do you have kids
probably worried about like all those
little things like oh my god what are
they breathing oh my god what kind of
milk are they drinking like that's what
I would like worried about probably
worried about that yeah so see that you
would worry about that but I would yeah
but um you know what else what are they
what things do you think that I worry
about that you would totally not worry
about coolly like what they lived in the
city no legal is it no specialized
specialized in high schools hate that
but I would disagree entirely public
schools the way to go okay okay yeah I
think religion we probably the biggest
obstacle the biggest controversy yeah I
would totally like I don't know I would
do everything I would just like
celebrate everything cuz like it's not
the actual religious meaning that like
has has meaning to me but it's like the
celebration of it like I want to have a
Christmas tree and I want to have a
menorah too and like let's celebrate
Kwanzaa and
and that uh forget I forget the Hindu
name for the festival of lights holiday
but that one too I want to celebrate
that T like let's just celebrate
everything so it's really fun if I like
that'd be weird
what do you think is the next step in
our relationship definitely moving in
together after after I graduate you saw
the fifth year but after I graduate I'm
gonna move ahead in the dorms obviously
and you're gonna follow me
no no cuz like I mean we had plans with
um Brian and shoo-shoo it's you know to
like get an apartment of Brooklyn
together and I think I think really like
until until I graduate our relationships
kind of like Anastasis where it's not
really gonna change much so that's
definitely moving in getting your
parents who weren't even allowed to live
together when they were engaged to my
parents you don't believe in sex before
marriage - uh yeah maybe look the other
way I just be like like whatever like
you can't we can't control her you guys
I think that'll be the next step
difficult step yeah I mean it'll be
difficult but I mean it's gonna not
difficult for us I don't think it'd be
too difficult for us no I mean it was
hard probably in some degree for
everyone but I don't think the degree
would be as steep yeah but definitely
moving in I think you agree yeah it's
one of the closest thing to also like oh
yeah I totally agree what you said about
like being in like a total like kind of
stasis because we're kind of just living
like like in the same thing for like
four years so yeah and after next year
it's gonna be interesting to see how
that works out or if it works out or
then what happens after that yeah yeah
more lies and more magic for your family
I think I know the answer to discussions
right in the back of your mind are you
scared that I'll walk away okay short
answer yes
[Laughter]
so I mean I think I think unconsciously
there's always something I mean whether
you're like a really confident person or
not it's probably always that just cuz
you never know I mean do I think about
it every day it's something I think
about no but like if I was gonna stay in
the back of my mind like if I was gonna
try to extrapolate what would happen to
our relationship in the future I don't
know someone someone put this someone
put this idea in my mind one it's like
oh you're gonna be a doctor and then
you're gonna be around like all these
successful like other like smart or like
like hot nurses all the time and you're
just like not not gonna be like faithful
or something I know that's like kind of
I mean that's gonna you'll walk away
necessarily but like but like like yeah
I guess like being unfaithful in that
respect um because I mean yeah I like
that's true like I don't know I think
you doctors like a pretty cool thing to
do and like a lot of people really like
doctors and if they if they thought they
had a chance I like like being worth one
they would probably try to I mean yeah I
think I think you're a great person
and I think you're a catch so who else
wouldn't think so like everyone everyone
wrote on you I would think so like I
guess I guess that can make you kind of
think we're make me think like oh in the
future like would that be a problem
the also the like the big thing that I
would actually that I actually like to
think about like every once in a while
would be like if something like if there
was something wrong like with like if we
had kids like if like there was some
kind of disability or anything that was
like really rough or like
hard I'd be afraid that you would just
bolt because because you don't want that
like nobody nobody wants that but if
that was like your your reality like no
no I'm not saying it's easier for like
men to leave rather than like women to
leave like but if I if I would still be
afraid of it I would still like to think
about it yeah cuz you mentioned that
once to me and I was like okay so so
yeah I mean there's a long time ago that
you mentioned it like probably not
relationship was still be very very
young I'm probably just discussing
something and you said it and I was like
but it stayed with me it was like
important to me and you probably didn't
mean it to you probably didn't want it
to but it did stay with me and I do I do
still think about it because because I
know I know people who like that's
happened to and it's really rough cuz
like it's what you need you need support
and like that'd be terrible
mm-hm you're being able thing I thought
you'd say what you're like your mom or
grandmother like the story of like this
person who was like had a better Jewish
boyfriend in college like after they
graduated or something like you broke
over there was that yeah so what
happened yeah I don't even know it was
it was promised you would but yeah so it
was it was actually the Martin miss
Martinez the LuAnn I talked I told you
about that I worked for her she told me
the story how like her daughter was
dating was dating like this Jewish guy
in college and they had like a great
relationship and like whatever and they
were they were like getting an apartment
together moving in together and like
they bought the apartment they're like
moving in like moving in at the time and
he was like oh no sorry it's been great
but I gotta go be Jewish again buy or
not even but he just like left and
totally was like no yeah and and someone
else I got I heard I hear lots of
stories for my mom I guess but also
someone else's like daughter got still
like they were engaged and or they were
living together and they were engaged
like they just got engaged and it's like
they were they really wouldn't either
before they were engaged
and then like you just bounced and that
was like my mom's my mom's theory freely
you're not living together before you're
married like oh well Kiki leaves like
thinks that one story mom but um but yes
I mean do I do I worry about that so
much
not really probably probably not as much
as like the other two honestly I don't
really think about those as much how is
money a conflict in our relationship
[Music]
okay so you expect me to pay for most
things but I don't really have an income
and so I kind of feel bad and I guess I
wish that I mean I would like to pay for
everything you know but it's just it's
like my parents money really just uh I
mean you know that and you you do
understand you you understand that I
mean you let me like pick up the bills
sometimes but it is a little it puts a
bit of a strain I guess on me having to
pay for everything cuz I feel that like
I kind of disagree with the whole
mention paper women thing just in
general even if I wasn't even if I did
have a lot of like money lying around I
wouldn't know I wouldn't want to I mean
it's not it's not a selfish thing is
just an equality on the same on the same
level kind of thing but you're very
old-fashioned in that respect at least
and see you see you expect me to pay for
stuff but it's not really a conflict I
mean you make more money than I do so I
wish that you would do things sometimes
but it's not really a problem it's not
that much of a conference I'm happy to
pay for stuff it makes you happy yeah I
would say it's I would agree it's like
very and frequently that we would ever
have a conflict over like that but yeah
that's now that it's on film it you can
okay
I'm glad you brought it back up okay I
know the answer to that one
are you okay with me sleeping with other
people the answer would be no I would
not feel comfortable with you sleeping
with other people um just no I wouldn't
I don't I don't think you would I don't
think yeah I don't think you would be
comfortable with it either honestly um
and I would hope so too
um because that's what I would want but
I don't think you would um but I
wouldn't be okay with it especially like
if you if you didn't tell me if you told
me I'd be very angry now trying to talk
to you about it and try to persuade you
to do otherwise but especially if you
didn't tell me oh because it's it's
something that I would be okay with and
I know that it's something that you
would know that I wouldn't be okay with
so I think that would that be a problem
also because you you you would know that
you're doing something that would like
really hurt me so bad that happened that
would be like a bigger issue but even if
you came in acts to me I would still be
like no even it was like a friend or
even if it was a stranger like either
way I wouldn't be comfortable with it
that's something that I want to share
with you and I don't really want to
share with anyone else I don't agree
which one of my friends have you slept
with I mean would you sleep with after
that I mean which one of your friends
which one of my friends so I know you
haven't slept with anyone or but maybe
you want to say that yourself but I'm
pretty sure you have not but if you
could I'm saying yes yes you can't sleep
with one of my friends who oh no doesn't
have to be like one of your friends and
not our friends pick that one both what
about your friends Alex that one's super
Brenda she's crazy I don't really know
anyone else I haven't really had much
contact with choir or corny corny corny
[Music]
really she's you know she's too crazy
Brian Brian
Davey Brian I would definitely think
with Brian maybe Brian it would be no no
what does it you may be right um I
really think with anyone to be honest
even if I didn't have permission
No all right do you really come when we
have sex I don't fake it no I don't I
want to say I never have might have
exaggerated but never faked it might
have wanted to fake it sometimes but
never did exaggerations not unlike that
doesn't really happen probably probably
more in the beginning of my relationship
like we start sleeping together I wanted
to like exaggerate yeah all right like
yeah you know what I mean but um but but
yes yes
who is more power in the relationship
you or me probably you just cuz um I
don't really care that much either way
about a lot of things and you have some
strong opinions about things
let it go along with it whatever just
like to avoid stressful like
interactions I guess but also just
because I don't really care
let's see um let's see an example like
if you want to go somewhere and I want
to go somewhere else
yeah that's not an example would you'd
probably end up going where you want to
go
okay listen listening listening uh if I
want to come and be interviewed together
and you you didn't really care either
way and I said we're doing it you would
say okay yeah but I don't think that's
like I guess maybe that's like really
it's a power summary guys I said we're
doing this and you said okay yeah I
guess you could say that also like if
you want me to take us out or like get
ice cream roburt eating and I I want
pasta and stuff and you're like no only
one cup per person one cup of coffee
person said I didn't work out anyway
yeah okay fine you have more power than
relationship there's only cuz they
believe you have it okay I like
understated power I also let you think
you have understated power that's how
much power I have if you could change
one thing in our relationship what would
it be and why
if I could change one thing a
relationship it would probably be like
the stress of religion because that's
really hard on both of us even if it's
like it's not an everyday thing
especially not anymore but especially
like looking into the future that's like
something that's gonna be really hard in
a relationship and so if I could change
that it would be that that wouldn't be
an issue whether I don't know what that
means how I would just like a race that
but if I could change change those
stresses I would on our future because I
don't wanna I don't wanna worry about
our future together especially not like
in regards to that so I would change
that if I could I wish that I like I
feel like I'm always the one putting
stress on you you don't really put so
much stress on me if there's any stress
given it's usually from me to you yeah
no no I just feel bad I also don't want
to be the bad guy but I also just don't
want to do that cuz like if it was
opposite like I wouldn't want
I wouldn't want like being stressed out
and relationship because of my partner
because of you I wouldn't want that and
I don't want to do it to you
I also wish that when I did like stress
out that you would yeah you would be
more understanding I know that you are
understanding but I wish you to be more
understanding and like help me out I
feel like you you feel like sometimes
like if you did do that you'd be like a
pushover and like or I don't know like
pushover but I don't know that I would
just be like taking advantage of you in
some way by like don't give me that face
okay okay so I wish that I didn't I wish
I didn't put stress on you and I wish I
didn't stress out and put stress on you
from my stressing out but I also wish
that when I did stress out that they you
be more understanding of it and try to
help me more than you even do could you
do but I wish would be even more nursing
which is hard to ask
cuz you're already understanding but
it's one more I feel like I feel like
we're both very supportive of each other
but I feel like when when things are
rough I'm a little more like in with
your stuff I'm always that I don't know
although one more selfless may be like
when I stressed out a lot and like put
all that anxiety and like stress on you
and I come to you because you're the one
I want to come to you and like tell me
with that stress I would hear more a
little less a little more selfless about
it because I feel like a lot of times
you're you're thinking about how
stressed out it's making you when
whenever I'm coming to you because I'm
having a problem and you're just think
about how much I'm stressing you out so
if I could change that I would because I
don't want to show see you up I wish you
would help me out more and not be
stressed out it's a long explanation but
[Music]
I could change one thing about our
relationship I wish three things I guess
I can't come the list I wish that I
guess this isn't our relationship like I
wish that your your family like accepted
anymore yeah cuz that's rough they were
brother except to you that I know in his
own way yeah he's just interesting man
yeah your brother xx mean is in his own
way but I wish that I could like like I
wish my relationship with you could also
be a relationship with your family yeah
and it's not in a lot of ways
ya know it's it's definitely better it's
definitely like good minimally there's
nothing but I wish I could change that
as well I'm Inc make my relationship
with you a relationship with you and
your family to do like you they just
don't like you with me I know so yeah if
I could change that what would you
change if you could change one thing
about our relationship
definitely the religion factor that
would definitely be
I mean not the only thing it is the one
thing I can't see anything good coming
out of it yeah
secular is the way to go
I believe but um I also agree with the
stress thing I try I try to you know to
be supportive
I think I do a good job I just I don't
know I guess I could work harder at it
I think it's mine yeah do you want to
marry me
yeah surprise yeah I do I think we have
a lot in common and I think we work
really well together and I think we'll
be you could be pretty happy together
but I would like I would like you to
have a little more control over your
anxiety because I think married life
especially with children is gonna be
even more stressful than being in
college and chill so I think if you
don't if you can't like control that
then things are just gonna be really
hard not all the time obviously and like
it's not a deal breaker but I would like
for that a little bit of internal change
but otherwise did you really great