what are the three best memories we
share it's a difficult question I don't
really I was thinking of being in the
Chevy with all the boogie boards and
stuff piled in the back and then just
pulling up to the beach and knowing we
were gonna spend the day that's very
much you know and even though there's
part of me that was always nervous that
you guys weren't gonna like be near
where the lifeguard was or that they
just felt very carefree I think some of
the nice one of my nicest earliest
memories is when I would come home from
st. Mark's and I would be in the kitchen
and the light will be coming through the
windows and you'd cook me tortellini
from Jack about Zeus and I would just
sit at the table and eat it ya know I
have a difficult time with specific
memories there are one or two that are
in my mind but they're not really nice
ones they come to the surface because
our people always ask me that they say
oh do you remember this time do you
remember this was it I don't okay like
know you as a person I know things that
we've done but I don't then we have a
dividing line I guess we do I guess I
always really liked there wasn't
specifically only with you well we
didn't do that many things just me and
you together do we you know like we like
wet we you like took me to places or you
we I always liked being on the ferry on
the on the big ferry sitting upstairs
mm-hmm you and
in Wrath going over from kinetic yeah I
like ya
what's the most fun you've had with me
and why
okay I'm like thinking back to all okay
one of the favorite things for me from
way back is making you that pirate vest
and I like choosing the buttons for it
and like having you check the little
crossed white swords on the back and and
then just hoping you get ready to be the
character you wanted to be in different
ways and you you know digging through
the toy box to find like when you want
to be a cowboy
where was this belt or where was that
hat and and it was always just
incredibly playful I remember digging
digging I remember that Christmas when I
got all the army gear you know that
canteen and that helmet and that belt
the helmet was about five times as large
as my head yeah well recently harder I
don't think I've had enough fun with you
more recently it's all been like school
and tests and applications and were you
gonna stay in this school or go to that
school and get a job and yeah though I
mean working with you and your apartment
recently it's been really fun I was a
lot of fun yeah that was that's like
you've done all the painting and you had
run out of steam for the detail work so
yeah I came in with the paint brush I'm
doing all the little corners and tasty
art you know like taping around the
light switches so they didn't get all
sloppy with paint I still haven't done
any more detail work since you've been
out there well we can have fun doing
that what's the most ridiculous thing
I've done and what did it teach you
about me
done a lot of things that have taught me
a lot of things we've never done
anything ridiculous in my eyes you have
to put that on the light switches so
they didn't get all sloppy with paintin
I saw haven't done any more detail work
since you've been out of there well we
can have fun doing that what's the most
ridiculous thing I've done and what did
it teach you about me oh I guess I can
on sex enough how I won't comment well
yeah what does ridiculous mean because
ridiculous could mean well I'm not gonna
preempt you here but it could mean could
be really good I thought about that I
think you know it'd be just really
stupid you don't really do stupid things
though ever I've never said I've never
thought something you've done is stupid
I may have not agreed with it but I've
maybe eventually understood why you've
done something
one of the on I want to answer the
question because I think it's a good
question but I'm trying to think
when was when was the time you were
proudest of me and why okay
proudest proudest may be getting up to
read that poem at your dad's memorial
service because nobody asked you to do
anything I didn't expect you to you know
you weren't even 13 and you found
something very special that meant
something to you that poem and you got
up and did it that made me feel like you
knew who you were and you wanted to yeah
I thought I did yeah what do you think
are my best quality
what do you think are my best qualities
as a mother sensitivity you know you
don't think everyone grows up the same
way as you do you think you know our old
parents love their children and do all
these things for their children and care
about them are not understanding in a
sensitive I'm forging is not the case
and understanding well you know everyone
asked me like you know what happened
with your work you know what did your
mom say what did you and I just tell
them sort of what you said to me when I
came home and I just said that I needed
your help I don't think there are many
people that have reacted like that
that's right that's amazing well you
asked for help both from people at work
and from me and I think that's that's
like one of the hardest things to do to
ask people for help just to like reach
out and hope that somebody's gonna come
towards you with something that's gonna
help and I find it hard to ask for help
I just I want to I want to be seen as
someone who knows how to get things done
you know what happened with your work
you know what did your mom say what did
you I just tell them sort of what you
said to me when I came home and I just
said that I needed your help I don't
know many people that have reacted like
that that's right
that's amazing well you asked for help
both from people at work and from me and
I think that's that's like one of the
hardest things to do to ask people for
help just to like reach out and hope
that somebody's gonna come towards you
and I find it hard to ask for help I
just I want to I want to be seen as
someone who knows how to get things done
what is the hardest thing about being a
mother well it's it's like watching
you're watching your child make mistakes
and I know that they're making them well
from from my point of view I'm not you
and I'm I'm not a young man in the
middle of a family of three boys who
lost their dad I grew up in a big in a
very different kind of a big nuclear
family and it's just really hard to see
your kids stumble and fall and not want
to run immediately and pick them up like
even when you were really little there
were other parents around like if their
kid you know like we had that big
climbing frame in back right and kids
from the neighborhood were always on the
slide or on that rope bridge and you
know kids were always falling often and
there were there they would be like as
soon as something happened with their
kid they brush them and go Oh be brave
be brave and I don't think that's really
the way the neighborhood were always on
the slide or on that rope bridge and you
know kids were always falling off and
and they were there they would be like
as soon as something happened with their
kid they brush them and go Oh be brave
be brave and I'd go no I just don't
think that's really the way to do it can
you just wait and see how your kid
reacts and know that they can kind of
just wait to see how much they can pick
themselves up and know how much help
they need but I would also say it's been
hard for me to have the courage to be
angry with you know I actually don't
think I've done that enough and to have
more strength of purpose behind what I
was thinking what's the biggest
sacrifice you think I've made for you
just dealing with me in general and not
sort of do you remember when I first
started going to therapy and a big thing
was that I was I didn't want to burden
you with anything else because of
everything else that you were dealing
with not because I felt insecure about
myself and I was insignificant and I but
just because my what I was feeling
relative to these other things that were
going on they were very important to me
but out there they seemed now doesn't
mean they wouldn't be important to you
and you told me that yeah my decision to
stop doing drugs was a much about me as
it was about you you know I just felt
like who the fuck am I to be doing that
again to you after what Raffy did
and someone you know sometimes I
wouldn't want to go home
you know before you know and Raph was
there and screaming and shouting and
throwing what was whining you know and I
but but then again I never thought like
oh I'll never do that because of him
which is strange people say that's so
weird you know why nothing of that makes
sense but it got well I understand the
sense of burden or not wanting to give
your parent more to worry about but I
think there's only so much you can think
about in terms of somebody else and that
I think maybe what you're saying it's
like ultimately the impact is on you and
and it's it's about you you can't always
be thinking of other people you can't
always thinking about how it affects me
what what happened with one of your
other siblings sure you're right no I
don't I'm not doing it all for other
people I'm also doing it because of what
I want to hopefully achieve and and all
these you know and everything else and I
want to be healthy and I want to be
happy you know a you know but I think
that is like a sacrifice to be able to
just put up with me
big one well I what I was feeling
relative to these other things that were
going on they were very important to me
but out there they seemed now doesn't
mean they wouldn't be important to you
and you told me that yeah but you know
my decision to stop doing drugs was a
much about me as it was about you you
know I just felt like who the fuck am I
to be doing that again to you after what
Raffy did and some lime you know
sometimes I wouldn't want to go home you
know before you know and Raph was there
and screaming and shouting and throwing
what was whining you know and I but but
then again I never thought like oh I'll
never do that because of him which is
strange people say that's so weird
you know why nothing of that makes sense
but it that well I understand the sense
of burden or not wanting to give your
parent more to worry about but I think
there's only so much you can think about
in terms of somebody else and that I
think maybe what you're saying it's like
ultimately the impact is on you and and
it's it's about you you can't always be
thinking of other people you can't
always thinking about how it affects me
what what happened with one of your
other siblings sure you're right no I
don't I'm not doing it all for other
people I'm also doing it because of what
I want to hopefully achieve and and all
these you know and everything else and I
want to be healthy and I want to be
happy you know a you know but I think
that is like a sacrifice to be able to
just put up with me
what are you hesitant to tell me yeah
you should just go for it nobody said it
I think you have a sense you kind of
have an overdeveloped sense of
responsibility because of what happened
I agree and I I don't and and it also
gets back to me saying maybe I wish that
I'd been more hardline about you saying
in school you're actually boring
intellectually curious and I don't want
you to narrow down the world I think you
have a sense you kind of have an
overdeveloped sense of responsibility
because of what happened I agree and I I
don't and and it also gets back to me
saying maybe I wish that I'd been more
hardline about you staying in school
because I think you're a very you're
actually boring intellectually curious
and I don't want you to narrow down the
world cuz you've got really into
philosophy and economics and and you and
you've always been like you know you
couldn't decide whether it use your
right or your left hand when when you
were really small and you eventually
went through you're right and then the
same with your feet and you you know you
were such a good soccer player because
you could use your left foot and I
always felt like Benji's brain must be
like that - hmm
you know like the right side and the
left side there's so much crossing over
all the time and I just want I just want
you to keep as open as you can for both
sides to work as an SDK I think you're
right so it's my turn if you could
change one thing in our past present or
future what would it be and why
I mean that's there's such an obvious
answer to that but I feel that but at
the same time I don't want to say that
because it's like I'm Who I am now and
like I would but yes I wouldn't would
want my father to be alive yeah there
was one thing I want how do you think
our family's history has affected us I
think it's made us I think it's made us
I hope more sensitive people to each
other and to like I know you know three
brothers you go through different phases
and you know also I think a triangle is
difficult so if there's a pairing
there's always someone left out and I
feel like you're the one who's been left
out more between the relationships with
your brothers definitely and I
I just hope especially because of not
having your dad that the three of you
will eventually be super close not that
you're in you know well we are we're not
that's something that I really hope I
really do so I guess so
you know history affecting it makes me
want there to be like the strongest
possible ties between us as we can
manage throughout our lives hmm so we
can't we can't take anyone's presence
for granted
we'll eventually be super close
not that you're in you know well we are
we're not that's something that I really
hope I really do so I guess so
you know history affecting it it makes
me want there to be like the strongest
possible ties between us as we can
manage throughout our lives hmm so we
can't we can't take anyone's presents
for granted what do you think I forget
or failed to notice about myself maybe
you haven't felt the ability to like
completely let go and relax and have fun
or maybe you've forgotten that you were
allowed to do or maybe you felt that you
weren't allowed to do it because of
certain things happening there's no
soundboard for you there's no there's no
there's no other opinion there's no
other voice it's just you know that is
good enough actually he's unbelievably
good at that yeah but you know now it
hasn't been around for a long in the
scheme of things I think yeah I think
sometimes maybe you've forgotten or you
just haven't liked shout you know like
shout knowing that it's okay to like be
a human like you know just because we're
younger or where you're children doesn't
mean you can't scream ass shout at us
not laugh at us with us mm-hmm yeah I
think that's a difficult thing to do
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me to say right now sorry what do
you think is the hardest oh sorry
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me right now for you right now
oh I I think it has to do with
relationships with your peers you know
like being the girlfriend or finding
more friends that feel closer to soul
mates for you I think I think it's been
hard moving countries moving colleges
moving water what do you think is the
hardest thing for me to say right now
[Music]
sorry what do you think is the hardest
oh sorry
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me right now that's hard for you
right now oh I I think it has to do with
relationships with your peers you know
like being the girlfriend or finding
more friends that feel closer to soul
mates for you I think I think it's been
hard moving countries moving colleges
moving work you know a lot of people
make friends and where you live I mean
where you go to school and where you
work and that you're still it's all
still gelling for you
when do you think I take you for granted
and why when do you think I don't think
you've ever taken me for granted I've
never I've never had that feeling ever
I feel like I've well no just because
yeah whoa are you gonna have to explain
that one I just feel like I've kind of
counted on you to be the good one I mean
I don't think that's taking me for
granted I just thinking that's just
hoping that there was to the one that
there wasn't going to be any extra
additional problems I don't know if
that's maybe it is taking me for granted
for my behavior yeah making assumptions
about who I wanted you to be but it
didn't say it always said like that no
my behavior wasn't that wasn't wasn't
that bad but those things you were
selling that I found in that like the
footstool of that chair in your room
nitrous oxide canisters I mean you get
them from you get them from a dining
supply company for my behavior yeah
making assumptions about who I wanted
you to be but it didn't say always say
like that no my behavior wasn't that
wasn't wasn't that bad but those things
you were selling that I found in the
like the footstool of that chair in your
room
nitrous oxide canisters I mean you get
them from you get them from a dining
supply company whatever you could change
one thing about me what would it be and
why well nothing is hypothetically it's
not unchangeable but you're not a man
you know no and that's very difficult
sometimes only having a mother and then
the other men in your life being ones
that are so can could
so overbearing and want you to do so
much of the right thing the right
decision that that influence was always
a one out of love and like trying to
help but wasn't always the most helpful
I mean like Barbie
well like Bobbie or like jera or like I
mean Jerez not really like that actually
Jerry is actually amazing and I value
you know but but it's difficult when
you're a young boy growing up and you
want to do things and you have a mother
only a mother that's very sensitive and
cares a lot about your worries about you
you know and then and then I guess just
sometimes certain things I've wanted to
do and you haven't maybe that's just me
being sort of spoil and wanting to out
wanting you to agree with everything
that I want to do but that also is about
your life and where you've come from in
your family and I'm very grateful to
have to have had parents who come from
very different type and then I guess
just sometimes certain things I've
wanted to do and you haven't maybe
that's just me being sort of spoiled and
wanting to have wanting you to agree
with everything that I want to do but
that also is about your life and where
you've come from in your family and I'm
very grateful to have to have had
parents who come from very different
types of places you know it's a big part
of me being able to sort of accept more
people and you know not like not like
one's white and lived in a palace and
one's you know green and you know grew
up on another planet but you did
certainly come from different parts of
the world different and that's I think
that's an amazing thing for me to have
grown up in a in a house where there you
know people from different places yeah
yeah I don't I don't feel like you guys
are as keen to spend time with my family
well I mean
well no I just like actually I was very
depressed at Christmas yeah and it's not
it's I'm not I don't really don't think
I'm blowing things out of proportion
[Music]
you know I'm uncomfortable if anyone
else is seeing this video and they're
not gonna see it now but like no I know
you know my Genie couldn't wait to have
her first drink
yeah and like complete what are you you
know la is like depressed yeah Audrey I
don't like Megan and I don't think he
likes making very much oh well that's
the problem you know she is I mean and I
feel like my family is more normal like
I know it's like a normal disk and this
isn't about family isn't about normal
isn't about normal what's right or
what's wrong it's just like I can't
control my feelings towards it and I
don't care where I am or what I'm doing
or if I'm in a big house or a small
house or you know I love being let my
memories of that Christmas of Christmas
is there are some of my most wonderful
memories but maybe it's because I also
stopped you know stopped drinking and so
when people do drink and want to drink
it's much more apparent to me because
I'm like looking and I'm also trying to
protect myself yeah yeah but I also you
know it's also about not necessarily
about not having a good time there but
it's also missing the other family so
when you grow like I'm sure being in
London you missed your American family
like who the fuck are these people like
doing this stuff like and like they care
about all these things that like wow you
know I'm not saying they're different
like different completely different
human beings but I'm sure you felt that
at times and so I got I miss them
you want to ask the next one is it me is
it me maybe it's me means but I'm sure
you felt that at times and so like that
I miss them you know you want to ask the
next one is it me is it me maybe it's me
you could ask I wanted to carry on
talking now what mistakes do you see me
making that you have also made what
would you advise me to do I you know
what I think it's a sense of
responsibility I think it's I think it's
I grew up in the middle of a big family
and I'm always weighing up one side the
other I'm I'm being I'm always I am
aware of being thinking a lot about
other people so not selfish enough I
don't I'm not saying be ruthless and go
for whatever you want at any cost but I
think they're know people have said that
to me not so much recently but people
have said that to me before that I
haven't looked out for myself enough
when or what was the toughest moment in
our relationship and how do you feel
about it now
the toughest moment in our relationship
I think the toughest moment in our
relationship was more about me than it
was about you but I don't really see it
as I am moment there are a lot of
different times that come to mind for me
I think you know in you know one might
think Oh it'll be you know when when
when Dad died and that that that that
for me it was like such an overarching
powerful thing that there wasn't really
anything else existing at the time it
was just that and it was everywhere and
so it wasn't like this is difficult come
it was just like that's what it is right
now yeah so I guess I guess it was
difficult for me when when I sort of
realized that I could you know that that
wasn't like my whole life that there was
a that there was you know that I could
decide to be the type of person I wanted
to be and like but I didn't really I
don't think I really knew how to be yes
when I was younger and I wasn't behaving
very well and I just didn't care what
anyone told me didn't want to listen to
anyone but then again also when you know
you've been depressed about Rafi or
something else and like just when
someone's depressed they're not really
nice to be around yeah yeah so I love
having that's why I she loved selfishly
I love Ned being around more than not
being around because he makes you very
happy and then that makes the atmosphere
and the environment more happy and it's
a nicer one to be around I mean that's I
mean also I like the heat that you get
on so Ellen whatever it is that you feel
between each other I don't entirely know
about it's a bit benefits me you think
even now like even though I'm with Ned
and when he's not with us I'm still
depressed no I don't mean that at all I
just mean you're happy and more
lighthearted when he's around no I don't
I don't I don't think you've been
I haven't seen you as been depressed
like that for a long time put that down
on paper and have other people see it I
mean I think you've kind of I mean it's
not it's pretty much you and Raffi and
Sandro and Sam that's what it is that's
exactly what it is actually it is
there's no getting around that it's not
anyone else and it's all from experience
and I think I think it's very brave to
put that down I mean not everyone will
know exactly but I mean the people
who've seen it so far do I think that's
very no what is it really about maybe
it's about it's a it's another way of
being able to sort of release and sort
of grieve in a way and and move and move
forward you know like really getting
something out as much you can yeah it's
a very therapeutic thing sometimes it
feels that way sometimes it doesn't it's
like you have to go over and over it
again you have to rewrite you have to
listen to other people say the words and
you you know you have to be committed to
it and I think there was a part of me
that's like whoa get it out throw it on
the page whether it looks like vomit or
not and now it's like oh fuck I've got
to stick with this and I have to look at
it in different ways so it's taken on a
different life than I then was what I
thought originally how am i how am i
most like you and how does that scare
you I think we touched on it sort of you
know you being like a responsible person
and thinking a lot about others and and
I I I don't know maybe it's also
drinking you know like you know there's
a lot of bit of my family I'm yeah
definitely
forward having a drink even we were
talking yesterday out at Denise's for
her Kentucky Derby party that she
admitted that she she buys wine in those
cartons yeah so she can't voices you
know why so she can't tell how much
she's had to drink if you have a bottle
you can see it go down you can think oh
maybe I should stop her oh that's not so
bad
huh I was like wow okay we you know we
got a plan here and it made me realize
how many how many things we think about
are involved in the process of doing it
and it was horrifying for me that after
everything with Rafi you had I'm sure
you've done more and that you haven't
even told me about but I mean the idea
that it was hard it was horrifying for
me that after everything with Rafi you
had I'm sure you've done more that you
haven't even told me about but I mean
the idea that it was hard drugs as well
as well I see that's not true actually
I've never really done anything hard
drugs I've never done anything but
cocaine okay that's a really hard drug
I'm just saying you said other things
you already knew about that right yeah I
guess I hoped it was only alcohol but
actually statistically I think it's the
thing that is worse for you and anything
else so anyway I don't want to I just
that's what I that's you know part of me
that is also obviously in you that that
scares me hard drugs I've never done
anything but cocaine okay that's a
really hard drug I'm just saying you
said other things you already knew about
that right yeah I guess I hoped it was
only alcohol but actually statistically
I think it's the thing that is worse for
you and anything else so anyway I don't
want to huh
I just that's what I that's you know a
part of me that is also obviously in you
that that scares me
what's the pain in me you'd like to heal
I mean it's on I guess it's unhealable I
mean maybe that's a very cynical way of
looking at it and it's funny cuz I was
gonna I was in my mind I was answering
that question for you I was gonna say
I'm actually healing you are healing
right now
well yeah I suppose through this but
also just in general with maybe writing
the play and having moved and knowing
that I needed to start life on my own
terms somewhere else instead of in
London with another family but that was
not my question to answer correct it was
not I mean I don't think I know enough
about your pain your deep pains to
really answer that properly I mean I can
assume what what things have caused you
a lot of pain but I guess there's yeah
what you said is true I think you made a
lot of massive steps to move in the
direction that you want to move in and
find you know hopefully done a lot of
things for yourself you know not worry
too much about us or what we thought or
where we were or I don't know if you
feel you do more I don't know if you
feel you should do more of that and you
haven't done enough I don't know how
you're doing each no I know that but I
mean right now I'm wondering and I hope
mozi is like writing an essay Wow
how do you think my father's passing
affected me different than my brothers
I don't I don't know why I'm having a
hard time answering that because there's
something sort of maybe more superficial
than I can think that doesn't feel say
them well I I feel one of the things
that you always got from him was you
know that that sort of super athleticism
and he was always on it with you he
always wanted to be part of it with you
and I and also academically I mean I
just I just think he could have helped
you more when you got older and that you
might you might have taken a different
path or maybe just stayed in school or
gone going to university in London and I
don't mean I'm not saying it because I
wanted you to go to Cambridge or
something it was just that I think you
would have been on like a stronger
narrower path somehow and that it all
started to kind of like seep out in
these different directions when do you
worry about me and why I don't really
sorry I don't anymore I don't get I
think there's so much has happened that
right now the water is relatively
extremely calm yeah so I don't and I
actually really like the fact that I
don't because it makes my life a lot
easier because a lot of my life before a
lot when I was young it was just like
hoping that you were okay yeah you know
and just like feeling so angry at
everyone else and what had happened it's
just not fair on anyone but you know
nothing's ever fair of course no I'm
really really nice for me to say that
not that I don't care you know but I
just don't worry in the same way that I
used to
that's really nice thing to say hmm
what's one lesson or idea you want me to
never forget
I think it's about I just think it's
about resilience I think about and I
feel like you are learning this lesson
mmm you've been knocked down a lot for
different reasons health issues and
everything else and just just to keep
getting up and trying I actually find it
really hard I'm I'm someone who to do it
yourself yeah I find it really really
hard to follow through and not let other
people's opinion knock me back and I
just want that to be a lesson that you
never forget hmm I don't think it comes
from one specific lesson having bent
learnt I think it's the lifelong thing
I'm saying it for me - hmm - what do you
think is special about our relationship
I think that I mean I think that we care
a huge amount about each other and love
each other huge amount which sets should
sound normal you know should be a normal
thing but I don't think it is you know
I've just a lot of people I've met don't
have that type of relationship I think
we're very sensitive to each other I
hope I'm saying that more that happy
that you feel that I'm that you I know
that you're that to me I only tried to
do that
I also like the fact that maybe it is
because I because I dad's not here but I
like the fact that I've been able to
sort of help if like Mose has a problem
some with like something that you two
are discussing you know he will come to
me and say you know like can you help me
with this or just I like that we can
discuss you know and you're listening to
me and you're you actually value my
opinion there are a lot of people out
there that say yeah yeah okay yeah
that's a great idea
you know like cool you're 17 or you're
22 or you're 10 very sweet that you're
saying that but I'll stick to my yeah I
think you actually consider my opinion
on things if it's something that we're
discussing right in regards to something
or someone else or you know just like
when I when I was deciding whether to
not stay in school or not and work you
know we really talked about it we talked
about you didn't really do it I that's
not the point
that's not the point I would hope that
whatever I would say you would still do
what you wanted to do that's me singing
so I can just feel like I can I can do
whatever I want to do but yeah it's a
boring one we've already answered that
don't we have to stare at each other for
10 seconds why do you love me how could
I not love you oh my god I think that's
a terrible question so you don't answer
no because I just I
you're my little benjamine oh I used to
call you my honey-coated mischief-maker
oh my god so sweet and you didn't always
want to go out either it's really nice
to watch videos with you and there's so
many things
I think you're like just a really
beautiful person I'm really really proud
that you're my son
