you can laugh whatever you want me it's
no problem
[Laughter]
when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember I don't
remember the first time we met because I
don't I just like Newt I feel like I've
always like known you you know like I
just I don't know like I can't think of
a distinct moment
what like stands out no no no can't you
I would say chemistry class yeah but
that was so much later yeah I know and I
can't think of it like a distinct moment
I just feel like I was like oh yeah like
that kid yeah thank you
no not like that kid but like yeah no I
can't I can't remember
what's your favorite thing about me
favorite thing favorite thing that you
like you really I mean sometimes you
have problems like just being it's like
okay what do you love about our um I
kind of loved the routine I kind of
loved just like that we just like have
things that we do sort of like every day
or every whatever that I'm just like
used to and and I was just like really
comforting to have those things I'm a
very like I feel like I'm a pretty
organized person so I like I like the
rich and I like you know like we go to
school together every day and we like
have lunch sort of but like it's like on
a schedule ish I don't know I just I
like that I like that sort of like it
doesn't feel monotonous to me it feels
good
when do you feel closest to me what are
you hesitant to tell me nothing
yeah no I feel like I'm sure I feel like
if you asked me that question Linc
six months ago I probably would have had
stuff to say but for that guys to say
now
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how you feel about it now
I would say it was when you got casted
for the show and like you went to your
house and like you I was they've said
but it was like you didn't understand
like how things are playing now and I
was trying to like tell you that
well like you were still like so set on
like oh I can't do this and I can't do
that no one gets that like upset at me
or disappointed me the most but I'm now
I'm like we're done like you're like on
born now and you're like so like into it
now so like it's everything is SS Joe I
know except in like a week but everyone
void
why are you going to miss me after high
school
cuz
because I like I don't hate change but I
just got really comfortable with things
and and because that's cuz
why are we making it work right now
right now no one liked this circumstance
of like down the road I don't I don't
have any
I mean I don't think we're making work I
think it works because we love each
other
mm-hmm I don't it was like a question
about like why would make it work now
knowing that like we're gonna miss each
other at the high school mm-hmm I would
say it's just because like I'm really
happy right now and like just because I
know that like that happiness might end
at the end of like August or whatever
like I still want to be happy and I'm
happy
and the coming months before graduation
what do you want from me I hate all
these questions I think all these
questions about like leaving and like
ending and I don't know I don't there's
nothing I like want from you you're like
you're just you're you and like
everything that our relationship is like
right now I don't know I don't know the
answer to that question
can skip this one
to answer that question the best I could
I would say do you think we'll ever get
back together at some point in the
future
do you know what I thought you're
supposed to be answering it I'm not sure
this is different from saying do I want
us to get back together in the future
knowing that we're gonna go our separate
ways most likely from college I would I
would love that but do I think it'll
happen who knows it depends like they're
going you know whatever you know if
that's Massachusetts or like Delaware
Minnesota and I'm most likely gonna be
like here in the city I'm sure we'll see
each other again but like we get back
together I'm not sure but I would love
if that happen
still my time because that was my
question
what do you think you missed out on what
do you think you missed out on a while
being in this relationship if I had to
say like something maybe it would it
would be like me being more socially
independent you know what I mean cuz
like I have my own friends but I usually
like I feel like I cycle out friends
based on like a relationship I'm in and
like my significant others friends and
so I don't like that's not really
specific to this relationship it's more
just like what if I missed out on by
being in relationships is like a chance
to be socially independent like for
myself
why don't you need me anymore I don't
answer that question me that again
why don't you need me anymore I don't
think it's like a matter of like I mean
do you need okay
I'm gonna read this burner phone
perfect babe what are you afraid I could
become what are you afraid I could
become in college board I can come boy
because I like I want you to like do
things that you want to do and like
regardless of what other people think
you should be doing and so I don't want
you to feel like you're caught in
something that you had no intention of
being in and just sort of being stuck
what's one thing you don't want to
forget about me
no you don't want me to forget about you
what's one thing you don't want me to
forget about you and I think you're
special
I think you
that's not about you about me yeah
something about you thought I was like I
want you to forget that I was cool what
happens Tyler's me meant to you I don't
know I mean like it's been really good
and it's been really challenging and
it's been really different I think it's
just meant like a sort of like closing
of my child out of it I mean I feel like
my childhood and like a really a long
time ago but if I had to like say that
it like meant something and like the
context of my entire life that's
probably some meaning I would assign to
it but I don't I don't know yeah
how do you feel about me being with
someone else we had like a problem with
Jake before like and I've learned from
that but like now I think I was like at
that time I think I was immature in a
way and I didn't like understand but
being with you longer it's like made me
realize that like it's great just to
know you and like I'm okay with knowing
that like when you find somebody else
like that she'll be happy and like that
okay what are you going to take away
from this relationship um communication
is really important like really really
really really really really important
more important than you think and that
there are a lot of things that are
outside of my control
that I feel like I'm more used to being
in my control and that sometimes I'll be
in situations where I don't like have as
much control as I would like but I have
to manage it anyways like man it's my
lack of control yeah that's what I'm
taking away okay
crowd questions I'm like mad at you guys
you like wrote all these questions about
leaving in high school and I'm like
yeah I just hate thinking about this
stuff
that's always something that's like in
my head like just kind of like it like
an expiration date that sucks
yeah and I feel like it's not just like
this relationship it's like a lot of
things like I have to leave home and I
have to like I feel like I've like I
figured out high school you know I'm
just like I've gotten her figured out
and like I know how it works and now I
have to leave and go figure out
something else and that's really
stressful and I don't even know what it
is I have to figure out yet how so
sometimes I just like look at my mom and
I start crying it's really but that I
don't like I don't know I hate thinking
about this stuff I just feel