I do this all the time you are very
creeping out and then has to tell you
stuff
what do you think about the first time
you met what do you remember
oh we've had this conversation before I
remember it's a really cute guy and we
talked about politics he was drunk
I didn't know that you told me after the
fact I had no idea
yeah and liked her political views yeah
and I think I probably clearly this at
one point but that was one of the
initial moments right realized that
maybe drinking wasn't something I'm
gonna do it in the long turn because you
said you were looking for volunteers to
lucky to the subway rather sketchy
neighborhood couldn't blame you and you
didn't know I was drunk because you said
and I would ask you but I'm sorry you're
too drunk yeah yeah well no that was
like guyot if I had enough all that
South African need I could have walked
her into the training well I gotta get
clean I took a few years but why did you
okay I'm so glad your spirit was just so
beautiful
you're like your enthusiasm in your
passion and you know I'm not supposed to
know she was supposed to say on camera
that you we're talking about you to kill
George W Bush but because I said yeah
and I remember you were there with your
sister and I remember I said you know
I'm just a little nervous about the
prospect of killing Bushman I think that
might make him a martyr and maybe
there's some way we get this cut it in
then peach and something like that and
you said he said no no I think we should
kill me that was when I discovered your
love of woods when warded
yeah yes you only talk about you know
your your hit list has become more
localized yeah that was that was a great
summer I was Miss Emory he's he's
Charlie also my first summer in New York
well because you know let's go back home
I know I'm doing let's go for some
reason yeah yeah I think about that
summer I remember fireflies I remember
yeah and horseshoe crabs there's first
time ever so push your cab is really
good summary Pelham Bay break its name
please
yeah well you saw that I said my place
yeah yeah yeah sigh Pelham Bay Park and
fire Flay's for the first time and I
they were their West Coast phenomena has
become I'm so glad we got to go back and
like go canoeing there I know it was
beautiful I love your spirit of
adventure you know you know that I love
it that I just I just had to point it
out you've you've shared a lot of things
with me who'd have thought that you
could have build earnest adventurers in
New York City the city of eight million
but you've managed to put those on my
radar and put me in the seed of a
community to Alaska yeah it's very cold
yes I've been telling you for how many
weeks was it that Oh December December
is actually one of the more temperate
months it'll probably be okay
February's only gets to be really cold
and we get out the plane and it's 14
below you might get the form that call
we wouldn't have had the frozen
waterfalls yes when else in my life will
I see frozen waterfalls so that's pretty
cool what else we got
should I do this one what's your
what's your favorite thing about them
that is a tough question and I was
afraid that there's gonna be one of the
questions because I could pick so many
things I think I would have to say it is
your compassion and your smile can I go
with the type and you're hearing okay
well let me let me give me a top size so
he is one of my favorite movies ari I
have to give like a top 30 I probably
ought to give a touch like 270 sex for
you but let's start with your compassion
I'm amazed at your ability to show love
and support and understanding to people
and situations that I find myself very
challenged in I I find I get rattled by
people I get tech knocked by people and
I want to brush people F but right
people laugh but the fact that you're
always able to meet people on their own
terms and doesn't doesn't mean that you
despise the person questions but but if
you if you in the person have a common
goal which is certainly the case and you
know the activist work that you do and
you've introduced me to you're able to
lay aside differences and build
something beautiful and that that's all
fine beautiful give a really nice voice
to you
I sometimes I when I call I love when
you pick up sometimes I'm happy when you
don't just because your voice you're
arguing your message is so attractive
sorry I missed your call
done yeah your compassion and your
strength you always bounce back anything
you know I had tough days what I
considered tough days and I always think
of Jerian can get through what she is
getting through I cannot pull out of
this you know
IT emergency this this is hard drive
crash or whatever I considered emergency
in the course of my day
so I love that ya know you went to
college it's only because I there are so
many things that I love about to you but
that's probably my top favorite thing
like to you especially I think in
situations where you haven't had a
personal exposure most of us are
activists because we've had some kind of
personal connection to it you know a lot
of us in the women's rights movement
we've had women we love treated badly
and that filled us you've cared about
people and groups that have had
absolutely no connection to like your
work against Islamophobia alone before
you knew me I think just danger really
touches me because you know even as an
activist I choose things that I have
personal connections to but you've
chosen things that you just you just
went out there to learn about Islam
because you saw this learn will be out
there without any personal connection
because he wanted to speak up about it I
just think that's I wish everybody was
like that well thank you I was like you
but I feel I gonna be self-centered
align these self-centered person in the
world this is not this is not me going
for flattery on camera this is I mean I
used I feel that I can be I feel that I
I actually can't get caught up in my I
wish I wish you know you heard what your
family and me and the people who love
you tell you about how amazing you are
and how the opera's of self-centered you
are and what you need to all of us it
sometimes I wish you had a big head it's
a being so funny because you know we
always did a to them date because I
Clyde you want full of yourself and I
was like I'm not dealing with that again
and here I kind of wish you were full of
yourself because you're just so humble
because we're on the phone the the first
cup like long phone conversation we have
and I was turning to flirt with you and
it was totally going over your head so I
somehow it came out that you had German
ancestry so I said oh yeah German said
to be really good-looking and like it
didn't even register with you just kept
talking and I was like is this one of
these other good-looking jerks because
I'm not going down that path
I'm sorry mind is really bad
good-looking no no I know you I know now
you must have been picking like I'm not
doing this again
like I'd repeat my system the PT to you
know make sure that you heard me I just
didn't yeah
I mean what I had to do to convince you
that that I actually liked you and and
it worked because you did ask me out
finally the end of the conversation I
mean it was the first time you know that
everybody alright well what do you a lot
of better relationship oh there's so
many things I'm about your relationship
I you know I I loved I so many of our
friends and family members look at us as
the perfect relationship does what they
aspire to be and especially as you know
working on the one that's right smooth
men I see so many girlfriends who are
just with these colossal jerks who are
strong and beautiful and smart but
they're with these jerks because that's
what society teaches us you know you you
shouldn't like the bad boys who treats
you like crap and we give them the
example of white a healthy really she
should canna be like what a beautiful
supportive true partnership can look
like you know like all the wonderful
goodness aspects and like we don't
compromise on anything we we're
adventurous and we really support each
other I think most relationships even
the most loving relationships it's very
very hard to find that balance somebody
is always a little more somebody's
always taking a little bit more whether
somebody's a little more I don't know
where they're somebody does more than
the house or somebody not more than the
house like how do I explain this
somebody's ego is always taking care of
more than the others in relationships
even in very very loving relationships
but I don't think that's the case in our
relationship we are each other's biggest
cheerleaders we really support each
other like we really are not jealous of
each other
we're not insecure of each other and I
think that is huge and our communication
it's not like we don't argue bye we're
so honest with each other and we're just
it's our communication you even laugh at
my horrendous jokes
I got I got a year you're lucky you're
cute as opposed to you shaking your head
no yeah I mean absolutely I think I
think that I think the fact that I just
love I just love how many things you've
shared with me of a conceptual nature I
mean like for instance this was this was
on my reader but the whole idea of the
slippery slope of boundaries you know
like like you've talked about it in in
the activist field looking at violence
you mean it's a spectrum that begins
with boundaries not being respected and
you know this woman I always thought I
had been pretty good at you know I think
I had them a decent job of it but I mean
it's something this simple is I you know
I'm really not in the mood to take your
bad jokes right now so oh they're not to
tell them no but I mean even something
like that just kind of helping to
understand just kind of how that
spectrum works and and how I think I can
kind of be part of the solution even you
know mine either way I just kind of not
contributing to the problem you know in
my native and so I I feel like you
helped me to see my place in the world
really and I don't mean that like sort
of a caste system capacity but you know
like more my capacity to to contribute
to the world in in a substantive way I
really hope that youth I really love
that you've helped me with that and I
love the fact that we can you know
everything you teach me I I think I love
that about us is that we have knowledge
in different fields and we're always
done reaching each other
just going back to kind of what the egos
where you know there are men who will
take women who days
not that smart so they cannot like
always feel smarter or maybe women
who'll take men that they think are not
as attractive so they can always be the
attractive person of the couple
we're just we're all about bringing each
other up and making the other person
better I can honestly say I'm a better
person since I'm gonna deal and you know
I hope I hope that for everybody for any
relationship when do you feel closest to
me I would have to say it's when we're
watching Star Gate or guardian or
Firefly or I don't know I guess whatever
the next show will be after we finish
this the run that we're done and we're
staying on the couch and we've managed
to keep the cushions in place and I'd
like to slight enough in the find which
they didn't used to do so I know why
they did it but it's yeah it's when
we're hanging out when we when we're
laughing we're sitting closer and we're
affectionate you just didn't really even
that kind of incidental capacity it's
like and a lot of ways I do you feel
that's one we're closest because it's
it's I feel like it's it's kind of that
harmony of of tenderness and levity that
I think is the product of being in a
relationship that's that's been going on
for a while that's kind of gotten past
sort of the inaugural discomforts and
but you know going back to boundaries to
like recognizing if there's still plenty
of arenas for a new discomfort and
trying to be respectful of that and work
around that but you know it's like
there's there's just more there dish
more and more I guess series if you will
where we aren't comfortable and I just I
just really love it when we're in those
moments I love this moment I love when
you here with my family
there's watching ups okay
and so kind to them you know in my list
one of the things was that I had hoped
whoever I ended up with would become
assigned to the family you really have I
mean you know their family members who
like you more and will tell me that was
a judge that I love your family
mr. unanimous that girls should strike
them yes did you ever get a hold a brief
I did yeah and they were just busy with
like been having to come up because he
had to drive another car back but uh we
should be able to Skype soon good yeah
yeah preferably not in a day when I've
already done like that yeah webcam no no
no I think should be dead when we're
both relaxed I'm not too later than the
night because they have to go to band
yeah yeah yeah i just i love i feel i
feel close to you even when i'm talking
to your mom you know like even if you're
not in the room i feel close to you
because a person of enormous importance
to you it was amazing series to tell
them but just talking to her and
spending time with her and you know
doing what i can to make her happy I
feel closer to you in those moments she
loves you so much he's so appreciate I
think it means so much to her at that
you know her daughter is it's really
happy and married to someone who really
treats her well I think I know that goes
so far to make her happier so what are
you hesitant to tell me I don't think
there's anything hasn't tell you I think
we're pretty open about our our love for
each other and and our communication is
pretty pretty open yeah sometimes
if you have to pull your nose you tell
me to turn away so I don't say yeah yeah
yeah there those slits well I'll tell
you there are a few things I'm certain
categories of things I'm still hesitant
to admit sometimes as you know I'm very
self-conscious about feeling like a
memory deficiencies you know it's
something that I'm half of its real half
of its just exacerbated by the suspicion
that it might be real and you know like
I'm figuring that stuff out but like
it's really hard for you that sometimes
that I've forgotten something which is
interesting because you don't care often
unless it's something of vital
importance the things that will
important seem to be what bugged me the
most I don't know why but it's it was
kind of tough for me and it's and I'm
not sure what you could do necessarily
heat it to make me not feel that way I'm
not sure what anyone could do I mean
it's really kind of between me and
myself but it's there are still things I
wish there was
well there is more I can do I can not
make you feel bad what you to forget
stuff especially when I forget to clean
the peanut butter off almond butter
knife I did this I think I got this
morning there right yeah but now I mean
you eat you have been so supportive of
me with that stuff my memory is not
perfect so your memories overrated
anyway
yeah well it's yeah it's we we use a
memory very broadly and referred it I
think a lot of different route to refer
to focused to refer to retention to
refer to as my side yeah nothing your
head tell me
[Music]
well I think I've I've had a hard time
getting out of the my cultural and
family thing of being polite not to hurt
feelings like I just think it's so
wonderful that he cook and you clean and
you're so wonderful around the house and
it was really hard for me to tell you
that I didn't like that one dish they
didn't move they're not very aware that
was I think it is use too much of the
olive oil in the pan because that's what
I hesitate to tell you and you actually
enjoy it
I don't you you work too many hours
you're not supermen don't be cold I
write maybe but then that would also
mean there would be like Lex Luthor help
us other problems
yeah well challenges perfect I just knew
she had some infidelity
if you could change one thing in our
relationship what would it be and why
hmm that's a good I would have to say
[Music]
I think we each have our own challenges
that we're working through i'ma I
already talked about what some of mine
where memory and focus and I get
scattered and they have a hard time
managing my own times and sometimes I
mean your own challenges and that you
were working on I admire you for the
work that you're doing with it and I
just feel like we gets we're so worn out
by them sometimes yeah you know like it
is in the summer we have our adventures
and what are we every adventure is not
quite as many especially as closest and
lately but you know I just I just I
guess I look forward to the point where
we're we're both just feeling a little
bit more solid in ourselves which i
think is the quest of any any thinking
any compassionate any driven person out
there I look forward to a point where we
can or we can be that you know be in
that space and not just want to I should
speak for myself at least but not just
want to pass out sometimes you know like
you're a magnificent dancer a little bit
dance more often but I'm tired a lot
because of all that stuff but I'm
working through I was you know I'm sure
there are points for I know there are
points where you you feel like doing
something and and then the time comes
trying to do it and and you're tired I'd
like to get to a point where we're both
less tired and where we can dance I
don't know any dance
I think it's also a function of both of
us being really busy and you're working
too many hours I could be more efficient
we can take that Lachlan oh you didn't
who is more power in the relationship
very me I think we already answered that
this is a very feminist marriage so it
we don't want any kind of power play we
want to really egalitarian relationship
I think each one of us has more
knowledge and certain subjects that we
rely on each other for buy I would not
be in a comfortable I would not be
comfortable in a relationship or there
was a power imbalance yeah I agree I
think you have more power on the dance
floor you're a more arresting presence I
don't know I got dancing on my mind now
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now
yeah we already talked about how much
disappointed about how the enchilada
this turned out so I guess I had to get
it there I think it would be I don't
know if it would be you disappointing
again I think just in terms of outcomes
that we're disappointing I guess I go
back to our I'd go back to our main trip
11 that was such an amazing time seeing
that I gonna to interview the one the
last remaining shakers out there and you
were just again you really were very
interesting with that
in very commanding with that and I had
been letting them main driver and a rib
rage get to me and you know I was kind
of worn out and that that state and I
just remember there was a point where we
were ready I had to go into the
interview and we'd had an argument about
something that kind of built out of all
of that and I just for the reason it's
just let's just go in there and let's
just go in there and kind of get this
over with
and I don't know there's just one flight
whereas like I just I wish this this
moment hadn't turned out like that but
but I love about our relationship is and
you've kind of touched on this a little
bit I mean just the fact that we
communicate as well as we do I don't
know if you remember we had our
interview it went great
then we were back on the road and like
20 minutes later it was clear that we
both needed to talk it was an empty
country ready like pull over on the side
of the road and we talked it out and I
think that was that was one of the first
points where I really knew yes we can we
can experience disappointment but we can
we can build our way out of it because
we can talk and we can say you know this
I would not ideal what's that's how the
next hour the ideals and it was yeah we
saw a Punchbowl wonderful and I got to
hug a hemlock tree I got to say this is
what this is what I'm like you know this
is the forest of home look like it was a
beautiful beautiful evening and a very
long drive back to New York
do you plan on meeting with me for
everything just for one lifetime we can
start with that we've talked about this
to you I would rather I don't really
believe in reincarnation or rather I
don't want to believe in reincarnation
because I don't know if I want to go
through all of this again but I would do
it for you if it meant I could be with
you again oh that's easy
why don't you want children with me
[Laughter]
because children are great I love
children I love being around children
they're amazing but one of the things I
love most about children and my
relationship with children is when I am
done with them at the end of the day I
can give them back to the people who
have to put them to bed or feed them or
any number of things which I happily
have not put on my agenda and I know
that you feel the same way even use the
same words I think we would have great
kids I think we would contribute to the
feminist community and what I think
would be a fairly attractive manner I
hope they would inherit my sense of
humor but yeah I think we both like in
what was it it was it was the term again
yeah yeah right
part-time part-time yeah professional
and cold milk its professional uncle no
kids professional aunt no kids yes I
love that
and less of the carbon footprint also
but I digress okay the answer is yes
right am I the best sex you've ever had
I think for my family's sake we're gonna
pass on that one for my family safety
yes no yes was the answer the question
not the oh I know I know the answer to
this also do we have enough sex do we
have enough sex no what's the hardest
thing about a relationship not enough
time together I miss you so much when
we're at work and I miss you when you
work so many hours and I wish we were
like independently wealthy so all we
could do is just travel around the world
together how have I changed since we
first met
what do you miss about me what do I miss
about you I don't know that I missed
anything about you I think what I miss
are some of the things I know that you
had in your life at the time I don't
think it changed as a consequence of
being with me but you know no you were
you had school you had the Women's
Rights Coalition and that was something
that was very meaningful for you and
Richie and inspiring and I guess I worry
sometimes that there's not enough of
that for you
the dog shows and you love that and but
I guess just were you with that what's
been happening with now lately and but
what's been happening lately with the
circles that you know one time we're
inspiring for you kind of now become in
a source of anxiety and and happiness
like I just died I miss what I would I
what exhale ease perceived as being the
case at the time which was just more
things that I guess there's more things
that maybe you maybe you happy other
than what I could give other than what I
could contribute directly but leaving
that aside I wish there was more just in
your life really happy with the chapter
I think it's hard once you leave college
because in college you have this like
you know available base of people you
can just hang out with I think once you
enter once you leave that there's just
not like these dozens of people you're
surrounded with that you can just find
commonality Wed
have a club with I think it's just hard
yeah what is our biggest challenges a
couple you can't see us that we don't
have that time together actually really
happy and personally I would love to
have more money and you know my dream of
I buying a house and having my mom lived
there and having your mom live there and
so Hannah could come and visit us I
love if you could see her family more
often
and I could see them more often - so
it's the fundamental problem that the
scope for the glib that's our biggest
challenge that's I'll take that in the
back of your mind are you scared that
I'll walk away yes what didn't see that
one coming right yeah well we talked
about this I have an inherent fear of
anything that I love and anything that I
value being temporary just being
inherently temporary I don't know why
that is I like I was raised in abundance
in in in some respects not the
wealthiest family to speak of it but
certainly abundance in terms of love and
compassion and support and I'm happy
with the job that I have and I really
haven't suffered too many too much in
the way of bitter disappointments I not
sure exactly where that comes from
I think we talked at all about how I
think that the constant threat of the
river like raising and Fleming and like
washing my family's homestead away good
classically Alaskan glacial flood II and
just like scrape in the world of I don't
know that was something that was always
hanging around in the back of my head
and was my biggest recurring nightmare
that I would wake up in the world would
be covered in water and I don't know if
that's part of it but but I do always
have a I do always have this lingering
sense of because it makes you happy yes
then it isn't permanent it's not
rational
but yeah there there there is there is a
fear that that what we have and what we
share and you my love Julie will be a
part of my life forever
but then again my life itself doesn't
seem permanent so there you go well I
don't think you should have red plaid
okay was leaving the game yes I've
talked about this I look at my life in
two parts before being with you and
after being with you I can't imagine my
life without you I just I can't I I
understand the fear it's it's a fear I
have with you know losing people I love
I think that's appear a lot of people
have I'm losing the ones they love you
know I've had nightmares about that and
you know you've accepted I'd if my
nightmare where you thought I'd died and
then you ended up being with someone if
that actually happened I would kill her
um yeah I wish I wish I could tell you
that I'd you know I will always love you
as long as I'm alive I will love you and
not things permanent but I will always
love you and your family will always
love you
yeah logically speaking if you put it
with me this long it's probably a good
sign my family is fed up with me for 31
years
you know and they don't seem to be
wearing it then so that's a good sign
that I'm just saying that's that's how I
think it's nice to hear your sisters
adore you so much I honestly think you
might be like some of your family
members favorite person in the family
I they just did audios so much your mom
just indoors there's so much of course
my family adores you so much i but I
mean I understand that the airpipe it's
you're not going to lose people because
they're gonna stop loving you no that's
not going to happen ever
well I'm certainly not gonna stop living
anytime soon you should do that man trip
again though yes let's go visit our
knowledge brother Arnold yes
and I wonder if he's still there what
was it the yeah oh let's see save Delmar
Delmar yeah yeah don't miss Loretta yeah
I've done my ribs
yeah yeah he's made treble pins no
closer to you yeah yeah it's nice to
reminisce that wasn't that surprising
right that West entry no it's just I
just added was more
