Oh what do you remember about the first
time we met I was trying to move into
the intentional community at our school
that you currently lived in and that I
obviously wasn't and I was walking
around with someone who was kind of
showing me around and you came in the
same room and kind of looked at us and
he said hey this is Kristin and you just
kind of swoop and right back out I was
like cool that's cool and then like 10
minutes later Emile started a dinner and
I've sat here there's someone here and
then you were here and you ignored me
the entire meal you wouldn't talk to me
that's what I remember for you perfect
describe your first impression of me gay
and pretty which is why I left the room
immediately definitely gay and
definitely really pretty - your tattoo
that's why I want to talk to you you
wouldn't talk to me
what's your three favorite memories that
we've shared
I think my ACL recover you was probably
one of my favorites because that was a
transitional period for us where we were
very very beginning of dating but we had
been friends for two two years and so
we're trying to navigate how to switch
over to dating and I started with a big
bang of me being very mmm
maybe her useless drugged drugged
sleeping not showering for a bitch like
I wasn't really offering you a whole lot
there ya know so like watching her yeah
like dating you from my apartment like
seeing that type of love and patience
and kindness I'm like day one of
actually dating that was memory one or
combined memories second I think is when
you came up to my family's house meeting
them for the first time and it was 10:00
p.m. or so so you'd had a few drinks it
was myself my great-grandma my uncle and
you and you had so many drinks that you
were having a really hard time playing
Scrabble and really wanted to play a
word high because there's two letters
and then I don't you said but you
embarrass yourself like you don't know
what is it no I'm not telling you if you
can't remember no you played hi remember
what you wanted to play cat yeah okay I
played hide like no I'm not telling you
unless you can't remember is your memory
yeah well uncontrollable laughing that
followed afterwards yeah I was getting
too
and a third memory hmm it's probably
mother combined memories and just what
we do bonfires that's where we first
kissed that's where we spend a lot of
our time as friends getting to know each
other and so that's a pretty central
aspect of the earlier side of us I guess
their relationship that's when do you
feel closest to me
look I have two answers okay I really
like just laying in bed with you
just like looking at you because you're
just so pretty I love that and yeah that
and then when worried remember I told
you about how you're my safety friend
there you go places are you going no are
you going like I don't know are you
going are we going well yes okay we're
going so and then like we get to the
place and you know I'm fine once we get
there in social situations even though
they make me nervous sometimes but then
I'll like notice that I haven't talked
to you in a while and I like look around
the room to try to find you and then
yeah you're already like looking at me
like oh she's already looking at me and
I just makes me feel so loved and close
to you what are you hesitant to tell me
really we kind of already talked about
them but I'll bring up some things that
popped in my mind the first is wanting
you to maybe become part of my family
family and when I see my future with
whomever I will be with I see the same
with me being part of their family
mm-hmm and what's your family's current
just aid them accepting us you whatever
I don't know how well that will go or if
it will ever go so that version of fun
what do you think is the biggest
challenge to our relationship
[Music]
I want to like cop out and say the fact
that it's like a queer relationship
because I feel like we deal with so much
shit because of that and like a lot of
our issues come from that and we talk to
spend a lot of time talking about those
dynamics but I think probably overall I
mean I think this is so I I think I want
to say communication because currently
that's the thing that is the biggest
challenge for us and I think that
encompasses a lot of things but I feel
like that's like the human condition is
like how do I relate to you as a person
who is not like me you know what I mean
so I guess I just don't feel like it's a
unique issue it's just the human
condition the communication part yeah
yeah some days it feels like a bigger
problem then what do you think wait my
question for you what is the biggest
challenge to our relationship
I think our answers will be different
like I think if we had a combiner answer
I think communication would be good but
I think personally I think I care too
much what other people think about me by
myself mm-hmm and so then when I'm with
you I include you and I care too much of
people think about us just being that is
my personal insecurities be true and I
the best sex you ever had
yes well I didn't want to I didn't want
to take all that credit you know I just
don't feel like I deserve it yeah I
wasn't with anyone so sorry did I just
throw you under the bus I don't in some
way I wasn't trying to do that I was
trying to throw myself under the bus
yeah well I won't throw you back we know
the best no okay so fine make my super
happy it's fine Christian oh hey no
talking anyways what's the biggest
sacrifice you've made that I haven't
acknowledged
Oh like I know the answer yeah I know
bring it bring it
[Music]
okay so I'll qualify the word
acknowledged as in in a second okay
the biggest sacrifice I've made that you
haven't acknowledged is you getting a
puppy
and me having to deal with the puppy on
multiple levels and the acknowledgement
piece word I guess is like I don't doubt
that you care how it affects me yeah so
I don't think it's this like you're
giving me the finger and you're like I
don't give a fuck I think you part of it
as you had no clue how much it would
affect me in a real way as in like even
though you say like like you have you
have put know you have put know like
requirements on me as to say like well
you like I need you to do this for the
puppy I need you to do this for the
puppy but even though you haven't put
those on me they're still there like I
still you know I don't know I'm still
like affected by it so even if you say
like you know you're not gonna have to
do anything don't worry like there still
is a little bit of like like I still am
affected by it you know what I mean in a
way of like the allergy thing is huge I
know I appreciate that in just the way
that it's affected like our relationship
are like in your personal relationship
was for me like I had no clue that was
coming like I mean like I didn't know
how much because I never had a puppy
like babies yeah they really are they're
worse than babies it's like a baby with
teeth that never takes naps
it's horrible on that level like I had
no clue that it would take up that much
of your free time and your mental and
emotional energy that I would have to be
prepared to like make that switch you
know so I think it's something that it's
just like you have acknowledged it on
some level but I still I think it's
maybe you don't like I feel like you
don't fully understand like how much I
don't know I just haven't talked about
it so yeah you feel like we don't know I
don't know I feel like that's a way
longer conversation you do but it's been
paused for a lot of reasons
back up no we have to finish it sometime
you want to know right now we're gonna
be over three hours I guess at this
point like I've worked through it and
I'm fine with how things are and like I
love Griffin you know even though you
called me Griffin I think like I've
worked through it you know and I'm fine
I'm fine with it now it was really
really hard in the beginning like not
knowing because for me I let you know I
like to know things I like to know
what's coming I like to be prepared for
things that are coming and I was not
prepared for this at all so I was just
like oh my god what's happening and I
think at this point there's no need to
rehash all that I don't feel the need to
rehash all that I don't feel the need to
demand understanding from you I guess I
would like to see it as like a learning
a learning experience in saying that
like the next time
something really drastic is gonna happen
that I don't know anything about it
would be helpful to have like
information from you as to say like this
is what it means to raise a puppy like
this is what puppies need because I am
like a total puppy like I'm totally
ignorant about puppies completely 100%
you know mm-hmm like as dumb as you
think I am about puppies I'm Dumber like
it's like when you notice that you know
a lot about something you don't realize
how much other people don't know so for
me that's huge it's like knowing stupid
little details about like he eats this
much and he's gonna get shots and
because you know until he gets shots you
can't play the puppy park and because of
that he's gonna spend a lot of time in
the house and he's gonna be crazy again
chew on things and he's gonna like pee
everywhere and you're gonna clean a pee
six times a day at least and you might
step in it so you should wear shoes when
you come over does random stuff like
that you know what I mean yeah it's
helpful for me to like process through
things and think about it as opposed to
being ahead with it and like then I have
to deal with it
Oh what do you think is the hardest
thing for me right now it's a month ago
my answer would be different than what
it is now
so it's hard I think
being happy / content with where you're
at in life maybe like you're halfway
through your degree it's like you can't
work in that degree per se quite yet in
the capacity you want to mm-hmm
you don't have the like ideal job that
you want but you have one you live in a
nice house but it's not the one that you
want like you're living a good life but
it's not what your wife said I'm in a
house that I like but it's not the house
that really fund like you said you want
to like be able to decorate your house
you want to get a fancy blender but you
don't your roommates to use it's like
you have a nice house and your house is
great I like your house more than mine
but it's still not ideal and so learning
to be happy you slash content with the
good life you have now knowing that
we're working towards a different good
life I guess I don't know
that's definitely my turn
what is one experience you wish we never
had some of the bad experiences are also
really funny though so it's like what do
I want to give up
[Music]
what does one experience I wish we never
had together man that's hard there's
that time we try to go camping in Big
Bear
we could probably delete that wasn't
enough care driving for seven hours yeah
I mean this last month was pretty shitty
for both of us you know so but I'm
affirmed so if I could erase that that
pain for you I would which would erase
the pain for me but at the same time I
know that like I don't really believe in
regrets necessarily like as as life
experiences go like like I think I can
regret like being mean to someone or
something like that where I did
something wrong to someone else that I
know better and I shouldn't have done
but like as far as experiences and life
goes I don't think really I don't
believe in regrets necessarily mm-hmm
but I definitely would erase that like
hurt I think I think that's pretty good
there was a certain night but certain
things went down mm-hmm with a certain
friend on our couch oh yes 100% 100%
100% ever happened fuck yes that was it
that was a bad thing a bad bad thing
oh the greed I think I had blocked it
out of my memory mmm that's how bad it
was I see this person think of it's like
man that was bad we tried to make it
right though
after you did I think we did a good job
there's really no coming back from that
though no all right who just wanted to
see if you actually agreed or not
because definitely I totally forgot
about that situation I was like Big Bear
is like okay 700 car got sucked but
nothing okay yeah what could I do to
improve our relationship real answers
I'm curious did you write that question
no remember I asked
[Music]
jump to mind should be happy about that
there's something that you wish I did
more often or something that you wish I
would stop doing
[Music]
I don't irritate you there's nothing
like the super annoying that I do and
then you're like God stuff you burp in
my face again no it's worse than that if
you wanna like massage my back more like
won't be opposed the bad breath is bad
you know could've been anything like
that yeah good answer for that
okie breakfast a bag tucked away do you
have an answer to improve it
I mean I think we're doing them you know
yeah some problem like we're talking
through like we're just really good at
dating for a while
yeah no I um there isn't anything that I
really wish you would do or wish you
would stop doing currently I'll tell you
if you start getting here dating or
something are you ever afraid I'll leave
you for a man I used to be I think I was
afraid of that for like a week when I
was actually processing the fact that
you were identified it by which now is
morphed a little bit I think which makes
you feel good yeah I think it was less
of it's like that's a weird it's a weird
question because I don't think that I
think it's it has a lot more to do with
me than you like it has to do with like
I don't think that you would ever do
anything to hurt me intentionally in
that realm of like oh you don't have a
dick so I'm leaving you you know what I
mean like that wouldn't happen but if
you did like if we did break up and you
did fall in love with a guy I think I
would feel like I know that I would
internalize the fact that he had
something to offer that I just
physically literally don't have you know
even though that's like such a small
part of like a relationship I think it
would still it's like a realm I felt
like I couldn't compete with and so I
didn't like that
you know what I mean like I didn't like
that I couldn't like I can't you know I
can't compete with that you know you can
buy one but it's just not the same so
you just I guess I don't really know for
a fact it's my sense who knows yeah so I
think it had and it was a very small
like literally a week where I was kind
of at the very beginning at the very
beginning ever again know so cool cuz
yeah it's just kind of a silly silly
thought okay what is the secret that you
have been too afraid to tell me they are
afraid
I'm afraid I have nothing that I'm
afraid of to tell you I know it's kind
of concerning maybe that they were all
the best I had was at my early really
conservative friends would probably
never be okay with this
suppose I got really doing more time to
think about it nobody have something
jump in your mind know what's giving
creating space for you I don't know
there's space sometimes you don't see me
a little more time I think okay what do
you get from your face that supports our
relationship
what do I get from my faith it's a
relationship um I think my faith hasn't
been super active lately but I think
it's weird soon sound weird that's true
in like some of the most difficult times
in our relationship
like for me difficult for me like when
you were in Norway the first summer we'd
like you hadn't written back to me I
didn't have a clear answer not I mean I
said no were the first time Norway the
second time you knew it I meant that
yeah
so those moments where I was in limbo
sort of with where we were at and I
didn't have a clear answer even though I
was like going insane like felt like an
insane person like crazy emotional like
don't know what's happening I hate that
you know but like I would still have
these moments of like really deep peace
and like just peace that it was gonna be
okay and then I needed to stick with you
and like not freak out you know what I
mean like and I can only explain those
by like having God in my life like that
type of like that feeling and that type
of peace is just unique to my
experiences like with God so had those a
couple times so I think for me it serves
as like like God is a overarching theme
and like calm and peace that I can kind
of like live into when I'm like freaking
out like with anxiety or worry or like
those things like it serves to kind of
say like chill the fuck ally it's gonna
be fine you need to stick with this kind
of thing so I think I've had like I mean
I've definitely had one of those
experiences in the last month for sure
like thinking like is this gonna end now
right now and thinking like do I stay or
do I like peace you know
because is that like is that what you
want and is that what I should do kind
of thing
and just having one of those moments of
like no like this is good like this is
worth like sticking through kind of
thing and I really like those are like
Fermi moments of like transcendent peace
and whatever so yeah he basically keeps
me from going insane doing irrational
but if you don't this is my question
what would you what change would you
make in our sex life that we haven't
talked about I think we've talked about
it we haven't talked about okay it goes
back to the ACL surgery I think because
I'm more mobile with my me now like I
can walk I can go upstairs I could squat
down that I'm not like a complete GIMP
anymore I think it's easy to forget that
that's still healing and kneeling being
on my stomach so the pressure of the
front of my knee on something still is
pretty painful and so I think that
limits us a little bit more in the
bedroom we've talked about recently
mmhmm yeah probably just cuz I remember
some things you said that yes I would do
more but it and I want to do them and
I'm like there's part of me that's
scared nervous cause it's still we're
still newish yeah but another part is
like physically hurts so
so is that a chain I changed you that's
just like FYI yeah good point but it's
good to know
yes I may have something I wish I could
choose I don't know you know like you
look at this point it looks like your
mm-hmm he'll then normal and yeah in
pain yeah yeah
I suppose take up to a year for at six
months so yeah so I wish that wasn't
like a location I guess or something
that I could change about this or that
even though one of my favorite memories
with you is like the journey through the
recovery like I also wish we had time
before the surgery yeah and then like
now there's puppy like there's always
been stuff in a relationship I guess
that's clouded in a bit yeah but that's
like a sexy desert island if there's
something honeymoon that's about it
fully one week along the rest of life is
kinda like that yeah
who has more power in the relationship
no my honest thought is you total honest
not why because I will pretty much do
anything if you look at me with your
blue eyes pretty much especially like
that I will do anything I don't yeah I
just do I think you are so fucking
stubborn it drives me insane you have
far more self-control than I do so
because of that when we fight I fly off
the handle and you just sit there like
don't give a fuck and that drives me
even more insane so in that sense you
have all the power you can do what you
want you can walk away from me and not
deal with it because you just block it
out you know you pretend like it's not
happening hmm
you doing you can you have that power
not to engage which holds so much power
over me like who was a good power I know
it's not a good power it's a power I
wish I mean honestly like we haven't
fought like that since we've been dating
yeah thank God barely yeah the time for
Sarah's birthday was definitely one of
those times
Sarah accurately not to West Hollywood
and on the drive back like the
conversation we had when we like pulled
up to my house about helping her yeah
yeah that was one of those moments where
you were walking out yeah you were
you're blocking me out and just
completely 100% walked away without any
sort of which me but yeah yeah that is
how I see it absolutely but it amps me
up and makes me even more angry and less
controlled so I see you having all the
power
situations but those are very rare
especially yeah those are more rare what
are you thinking just track them with
you okay did you have a comment and your
side of that story of that story talked
about it okay we don't talk about then
what would make you leave me
all the things I could think of I don't
think he would ever do so today it would
be if you cheated on me I'd really have
to consider that one mm-hmm loyalty is
very important to me I'm also really
protective of people that I love and so
if you severely damaged one of the
relationships close to me I'd have to
really think about it so I really like
my people
you hated Griffin I was about to say if
I started kicking your puffy
ya think we'd work through most of I
mean even if those things happened once
we probably work through still somehow
probably that was my answer from the
other nike yeah you have to probably be
repetitively a jerk all the time to
everyone I know I don't know I've been
doing because what have you really like
super sad so if I hated Griffin yeah
maybe so you would get rid of me and not
get rid of a puppy maybe you've told me
you love him and I know he loves you so
I don't think that's a problem he's a
dog he loves everybody I'm not sure he
doesn't know my feet that like that
what are the next steps in our
relationship drive to Golden Road get a
beer
drive home go to bed and sure was asking
for more than him
hour by hour play well that's my answer
next steps in our relationship what do
you hope our next steps are do you want
my honest answers that's why we're here
you can't get scared though all right so
I'm a planner I think about the future
[Music]
okay go ahead
I would love this
you should have to look mean that I know
I'm crafting my answer carefully you're
gonna be in school for the next five
years hopefully you will be hopefully
what do you mean hopefully is if there's
no guarantee if you get in yeah
you'll get in you're very smart okay
I would love to propose to you if you're
like I'm giving away all my secrets here
I mean I gotta have a back pocket secret
you know I love it propose to you after
I'm done with school that's all I'm
gonna be doing school who knows the Reds
on how fast they go I might take three
classes next quarter
it's all be done faster that's the usual
in most aspects sex yeah I was like I
would love to propose to you in the next
like when I'm done school what things
happen as I go not opposed I'll say that
I like that about you
so I gotta catch you out in good day is
that what you're saying okay do not on a
bad day so can you plan to have a good
day funny okay yeah you know I want you
to answer this question okay I think
your parents would probably find out
about me oh yeah I forgot to say that
tell mom and dad you're gay then from
post here they'll figure it out when
they get the wedding invitation Morgan
could be a boy much better thank you
well the name like you need to see the
name Morgan it was on a wedding
invitation for me people so stupid
I'll add that in tell parents proposed
all right
tell parents Roadtrip proposed the
proposal you say yes then we probably
have to figure out how we could afford
to live in expensive Pasadena that's
where I cook that's cruel the house of
the yard for Griffin again happy before
that in Pasadena roommates huh I'll get
us back into trouble with the thing I
regret about I don't know what typical
life stuff next step hmm I said more
than you you said tell my pears in road
trip those are very innocuous tell your
parents meet your parents those are big
deals it's a big deal
eventually you will not have a suitcase
in my room you probably have a closet
full of stuff we're gonna give me a true
closet space in our house
I know Wow
I feel like you want me to say something
and then definitely what do you have
something you want to say what you're
not saying it I have nothing going on
massager
is it my turn yeah what do you wish you
could heal in me what pain would you
take away
probably the temps of conversations you
try that with your parents about your
sexuality and orientation and whatnot
mm-hmm I feel like they respond that a
very very basic level there but they
don't really ever try to understand your
feelings their struggles or pains and I
think even if they don't agree with you
or whatever you're doing they're still
your parents and still they have a an
obligation I guess in my mind to to love
you unconditionally and be that support
I don't think they have as much I think
even that Khepri came at us to like the
white elephant in the room I think you
coming out was supposed to be getting
rid of that a little bit that's still
there so and that's probably frustrating
not to be seen by your own family for
who you are I wish that didn't happen to
really brave you did do it
I do you want me to answer it as well
you probably know what I would say would
you say your dad by far you do a
moderator the conversion of a shortened
version that's just what I you know what
I mean that's number one hurt what do
you wish I did differently
didn't have a fanboying over the bed all
night long
try so my skin started think of a really
pretty answer for why don't look at my
consider I just don't like it what do
you wish I did different yeah what do I
wish you did it really okay I think
I think one of the biggest things I
don't like that you do is sometimes your
lack of like desire or ability you know
and that desire ability your lack of
like enthusiasm of like taking care of
yourself I guess sometimes it's like
most like sometimes you're like yeah
like I really need to go the grocery
store and food or whatever but I don't
feel like you know we're like if you
were gonna do that for someone else
you'd be like absolutely like let's do
it you know or like I don't know just
different little things like that that
you could do that are good for you and
that you need to do but that you just
don't do because it's for yourself for
whatever is I don't know why but like I
see that I'm like you know you would do
it for me you know like I wish you would
do it for yourself people would be fair
to say I love myself more her like maybe
but I don't know where that stems from
so I don't know if it's a self-love
thing or if it's like a cuz sometimes
you just don't feel like oh I'm stupid
grocery store you thought I made more I
want to go by myself
that's not time time that's probably
but I just know these are questions that
you should be asking me what did I give
you that none of your other partners did
what did I give you that none of your
other partners did
well because you've only been my my one
and only partner that's hard to say but
I will switch it a little bit and say
only person in general that's been able
to do for me is really truly make me
feel loved in this body and the skin
I don't really been content with this me
for a long while and even family members
I mean they're loving and nice but
they're not the kind of loving and nice
that I experience with you you should
answer now okay what did I what did you
give me that none of my other partners
did I like that you're stubborn I hate
it and I love it this is why we have
this problem I know I know
because I am stubborn in a different way
might might I feel like okay I feel like
we're both very like bullheaded in some
ways and I need someone to like knock me
down a few pegs like I need someone
who's not easily swayed by emotion
because my emotions are crazy I'm
admitting it on camera I know that like
my emotions are crazy and worrying
anxiety and those things that were well
me so I need someone who's not going to
be swayed by that and you're not a
fucking wall because I want you to react
but you just don't
so I love that about you I really do a
little bit and it turns me crazy but
ultimately it's good I love that you can
kick my ass I love that yes you can only
if I kicked you in the knee but able to
win I just like that about you can knock
me down
Oh Ashley would you marry me
is this an official proposal my one knee
can't do that number bad knee good
cop-out hmm yeah absolutely
you better not to propose to me on
camera in this weird setup if I send it
you wouldn't know about it
challenge accepted and I will find out
all your plans and get all the secrets
out of you I keep the important secrets
that's true
would you marry me yes anything not now
and that's why do you I said yes with
the implication yes future yesterday's
dream very very very long time from now
when we're stable and I have money yeah
cool I thought about writing that down
as my question someone did it for me why
do you love me
I think there's a lot of reasons I love
you because you left me I love you for
all the shared experiences we've had
like we've got about a good run already
as friends and now dating so I love our
time together I love our conversations I
love that you can be absolutely annoying
and I can really be mad at you and I
still want to see you like an hour later
for some reason I've been drugging you
actually for the past three years just
to make you love me see how annoying I
can get before you totally peace out
exactly yeah I think harder to say what
I don't want about you right now that's
a really short list Oh like thumpy it'd
be easier to say what you don't love
mm-hmm versus what I do love I just love
you with you I think because of my daddy
problems I'm a little distant and
romantic you type things I don't want to
get emotionally or physically involved
and you've crossed both those boundaries
and then I like it I'm comfortable so I
love that you helped me work through
that in a way that you probably know you
were really doing it do you were
I love what I love about you yeah it is
hard to say I love that
yeah the weirdness I just love that
because I feel like yeah I like the
weirdness because I think it I don't
know like I feel totally comfortable
with you the one from Big Bear the one
when we tried you tried to stop it you
just couldn't you just couldn't stop it
oh I will not say it it's a little funny
I thought I mean I love about you I
think I already kind of said it I love
that you like call me on my bullshit I
love that you can look at my face and
know what I'm thinking and like I can't
get away with stuff kind of we're not
saying things I love how compassionate
you are towards and just genuinely
really kind towards other people and
like you really care about getting to
know he
and like you have a skill set there that
I don't like a capacity for inviting
people in and like learning about them
and being funny and welcoming and not
awkward and making people feel really
comfortable like immediately so I love
that for sure
I love that you surprise me with like
random little gifts and notes I love
that you're secretly I have no emotion
okay I love that you're secretly a
romantic I never thought I wanted
someone to buy me flowers but I really
like it when you buy me flowers good
thing about it Thanks you're doing great