okay when you think about the first time
we met what do you remember well I do
remember the nice dinah restaurant we
went to called the vagus Dinah because I
always liked Vegas stays in Vegas stays
in Vegas I was in Brooklyn my alma mater
and I like that nice dinner we went to
and you met my nephew because he was
just a baby man so I really had a great
time what do you love about our
relationship it's extremely interesting
I can never predict what you're gonna do
next and you do get me involved in
things that I probably wouldn't have
anything to do with if I weren't with
you so it's always an experience all
right she can respond my turn
oh yes sorry I think that was the point
when do you feel closest to me I guess I
felt closest to you and in the bedroom
when we're snuggling because I feel so
cold in the winter
mm-hmm it makes me feel really secure
okay like I smell funny all right that's
good okay thank you
okay well what are you hesitant to tell
me what am i hesitant to tell you huh
probably when I have to clean up the
house
get rid of the crap that you have lying
around that you don't want to clean
because you get a little lazy that's my
answer
okay how have I changed since we first
met
what do you miss about me what do I miss
about you how have you changed
[Laughter]
have you changed where you've tried or
better yourself you try to improve your
education I mean you did finally finish
college
alright and you're willing to take
chances do a lot of interesting things
okay thank you
oh yeah forgetting thank you what's the
one thing you can't stand about right Oh
like the one thing and one thing only
one but you take my crap and throw it
away
that's a biggest thing said the words
that I clean yeah that's the one thing
yes okay do you trust that I can provide
for you no okay all right
oh that should what do you think do you
trust that I can provide for you
oh yes yes okay well that makes sense I
have some savings though okay I have
some savings okay that's pretty good all
right okay but it still would feel that
on the most I'm the breadwinner yes but
if I have some savings oh okay you go
they my turn to pick up the gun yes what
are you scared to tell me okay if
anything are you is there anything
you're scared to tell me oh I guess
about my my past when I was at what my
drug use
all right but not too scared they told
okay because in my case there's really
nothing about to be afraid to tell you
because you told me everything I told
you everything it was pretty easy yeah
okay so that's about or you think about
no okay did you ever want children with
me no absolutely not
it would be a beautiful blue-eyed girl
yeah well the thing is you have to have
a better maturity level so what can I
tell you some people are destined not to
have children except we have a
stepdaughter from hell
okay well stepdaughter from hell is
better than no do it up mm-hmm
okay what's the biggest compromise that
you have made that I have not
acknowledged oh yes I guess not having
to the children and also not having a
bigger place to keep all my oh my god
you just need a whole warehouse this
place be big enough for you a walk-in
closet okay like 20 of them yeah all
right
that's really nothing my turn I think
it's you yes who has more power in the
relationship you or me that depends on
the activity level when it comes to
financial things obviously I probably
have some more power when it comes to
social things you probably have more
power the main reason is because you
whine better than me
thank ya that's not a compliment it's
like a badass compliment well yeah
because you are better at getting your
way for certain things I manipulate you
better right you're a better manipulator
and and what do you better add giving in
okay it's in my turn yeah I forgot oh
all right tell me about the time I
disappointed you the one time
mmm-hmm you've disappointed me by only
in minor things usually not keeping the
place clean by I did do it dish today
yeah congratulations hey that's the only
thing you know you just got to get
yourself a little more organized okay
not be as much as slob yes that's about
it
otherwise no major disappointments okay
hmm okay list the top the three the top
three best memories from our
relationship okay one when I first met
you when you met my baby nephew yeah
that was a hoot number two when we went
on a trip to China China was very good
yes tremendous three when we wrote the
camel and Egypt camels difference with
three things three things that's stuck
in your mind okay that's you too right
yeah there was a good time okay what do
you think I'm insecure about you're
insecure about hmm that's a tough one
maybe insecurity and hmm yeah that's a
hard way I'm gonna pass
yeah I'm gonna pass on that one because
I don't see too much insecurity in there
yeah both of them in my way they could
play the bathroom yeah but that's not
real insecurity okay you know I I don't
see true insecurity I really am true yes
you have them folks are you really in
the time we have shared together do you
have any resentment towards me any
resentment no not really it's like it's
a passive man okay - thank you boys I
guess I would resent if you if you die
too young the way you live - I would
present that I'd be pretty unhappy
they're gonna wouldn't know it that's my
turn no I was just 60 more years
thank you why did what do you love me
you're just that's something you know
what's hard to say sometimes you just
attracted to somebody mm-hmm okay you
just like something you know like some
properties about them some qualities and
things just fall into place so it's kind
of hard for you to really just put your
finger on one particular thing it's sort
of a like a total package all right so I
think that would be the best way to say
that like a total package
me too okay hits a kiss yeah well it's
my turn okay
what are your financial concerns oh yeah
I want to get um instead of a part-time
job I might want to get a full-time job
but otherwise that's a real concern no
okay
I mean financial concerns like that you
afraid that you won't be able to take
care of yourself or something happen to
you would that be a concern I think
married legally for benefit that's a
question no so you will skip right yeah
track time if you could change one thing
in our relationship what would it be and
why I would like you to be a better well
in terms of interpersonal relationship
yeah not too bad nothing but I would
just like you to be a neater more
organized person fit that in the other
claim yeah I know but that's where it is
okay I mean otherwise personality-wise
you're fine into relationship wise you
find this is some little little tiny
things in the house for two anonymous
that yeah weather yeah you're hoarding
could be improved a bit okay
what would you do if I cheated on you I
would give you another chance would ya
very magnanimous mistake all right very
magnanimous I probably kicked your ass
out the window by then you'd be impotent
anyway getting older
why do I hurt you so physically or
mentally I guess whatever you're a
terrific no I don't think you heard me
no how about the time when I kicked your
ass when they took my stuff all right
well that's different but that's not
really hurt that's just you blowing
steam off okay so I don't consider that
a catfight all right yeah that's not
really hurting okay your turn yeah what
is it okay what do you wish had never
been a part of our experience okay what
do I wish that never happened that you
never experienced well I wish when we
were on the plane that turbulence that
it almost happened that was scary
that something more like maybe emotional
um when you took my stuff and I was
yelling at you and I and I quickly I
said that what that's it that's as bad
as it gets
it's just bad okay so pretty easy to
please you then mm-hmm just about okay
mm-hmm what is our biggest challenge as
a couple a biggest challenge as a couple
okay is something that I've discussed
with you a lot and it always comes back
to that you're hoarding that's it okay
maybe I should get you this Oh No okay
um all right and with my question you
organized me no you know okay
what do you think you missed out on
while being in this relationship other
than like running around a thousand
other guys
nothing much cuz he's like he'd like to
go out and do things
Stan totally food and travel so I didn't
miss anything I didn't think it was so
that was boring okay well okay why did
you get jealous last time and how did
you feel I never get jealous when was
the last time I got jealous when was the
last time I get jealous when I was out
with my friends Barry and David and that
really yeah maybe the first time you
introduced me to Barry and Barry sort of
mystification was like a little hot for
you and then and then he died and he
died her off yeah but that was about it
that's probably the last time that and
that's been what 25 14 years ago mm-hmm
so I don't think there's any real
jealousy factor that's going on mm-hmm
okay that that's sort of going okay and
you work with nice women it yourself
that's how much you say mm-hmm but
they're married or gay so that was good
right that's your turn this concert well
we set up side down do you really feel
like we're growing apart no yeah I had
that feeling too okay
you
[Music]
am i turning your town hi how you doing
what snow like you're gonna fall right
so I just asked this one mm-hmm
okay that was my turn your turn in the
back of your mind are you scared that
I'll walk away no now it hasn't crossed
my mind at all I don't see you ever more
getting away there's nowhere to go yeah
we're gonna go on the subway you walked
away when I was yelling at you that's
because you were just being a pain in me
yes that's not walking away
that's just war had a panic attack
that's walking out of a situation when
you're annoying we're talking about like
walking away or way okay okay that's
something different okay mm-hmm when do
I embarrass you never I guess sometimes
when it when it when you talk in a
squeaky voice and the people hear me
that's it
mm-hmm and the Train okay it's Bennet
that's it so basically never mm-hmm okay
which one of my friends have you
separate but I mean would you secret
none of them could since they're all
male is really none of them but before
when I did have a female friend like
Laura and Julie
Laura would have been okay oh yeah yeah
she was about the only one Julie except
she was she run up being schizophrenia
yeah okay well sorry from her mental
condition physically Laura probably
would have been the only one okay other
than that that's it David Barry I don't
think so
if you had a son mm-hmm what advice
would you give him regarding girls or
women I would say be careful some of
them might be out for your money
mm-hmm and make sure you use a condom
them pregnant right away until you're
married right
and that's it okay love comes first in
the baby carriage second okay thank you
you're welcome what is missing from our
relationship what is missing from our
relationship
mm-hmm I don't think anything is mm-hmm
okay
I mean interpersonal relationship seems
fine okay so I have really no qualms
with that how about the big s word what
s word I mean sex yeah well you lazy I
miss it it's just trying to get you to
wake up yeah oh my god yeah it's not the
coffee yeah right that's what I have to
do drink more coffee if they a word and
the S word and right your turn my turn
are you okay with me sleeping with other
people um only if I could join you okay
well that sounds like a fair deal and
you tell me when he said you only want
women with me yeah that would be you
also part of the video mm-hmm so that's
a basic that's a no okay
yeah do you think we're still a good
match yes I don't think either of us can
find anyone else that would put up with
the other one okay you definitely owe
sixteen plus years
oh yeah sixteen yes that's 16 and a half
years right
it's a good turn nothing died what do I
do that detracts from our relationship
other than clean otherwise nothing
you're perfect yeah I thought so
okay you're very stable secure and
you're a nice person inside and out okay
I just have to get you give you a
haircut okay what do you think it's the
next step in our relationship when we
both die okay how about like a foster
child how about a stick with my answer
okay okay the next step that's the next
step okay
what would make you leave me unless it's
a hurricane and Rumble falling on you so
so death Hey
other than anything else um no no I
think I'm stuck for glue yeah I decided
to feel like okay so basically nothing
[Laughter]
the last time you cover mind for me how
did you feel about it how did I feel
about it it's part of my life but most
compromised so it's a part of being with
somebody life is one be compromised if
they're another it never stops
no once it stops it's over and I always
compromise and I always will always try
it that's it that's what life's about I
did one dish today and I'm happy I'm not
even commented on soap and water and you
can't even see any mess no okay
well you'll walk the dog tonight mm-hmm
no love is pretty much yeah a president
covers pretty much okay we got it down
pat yes mm-hmm so and would you ever
wear like a dress for me no I want well
you did that once
no that's acting but thank you okay 20
questions
oh that's like the newlywed game that's
what I was thinking it really you'll be
awake a is guessing if the person's
gonna say the same thing mm-hmm I think
this is just guessing what the hell
you'd say it all oh yeah that like what
friend would you sleep with it uh
there's your FF question okay the SX
part okay okay I always say
non-conforming and not confirming
whatever that means one day I could be a
woman one day I could be a chance to end
it okay okay do you ever get jealous of
my success
thank you know whatever pluses or
successes you have will your own I'm
very happy for you
okay never would get jealous of
something like that if you became rich
and famous
I would bask in your glory I think so
too
yes you would bisque in your glory also
mm-hmm they support me right
where do I waste money will you waste
money
Oh in fact when like the dog today
that's not wasting money that's taking
the dog to that vet my insurance is not
wasting money like I said before my
insurance will cover the door no your
turn okay yeah okay I heard that it
doesn't that's me talking about real
wasting money do you well if you don't
gamble what do you think it's holding me
back from success
part two what's holding you back from
success mm-hmm success in what success
in acting all right all right
comedy maybe just developing your
talents a little better or making the
right connections that's okay Thanks all
right thanks mm-hmm when was the last
time I pissed you off when I wasted
money when I waste money the last time
you got mad I was like the other
question it's similar to the other
question but it wasn't really wasting
money because I don't waste money no
you're pretty pretty frugal right so you
really can let me go to soup kitchens
forget the free food so you really can't
say I waste money okay I see we have a
cup of mice you cook and I clean yeah
yeah I mean okay what is sexual act
you'd like to try but afraid to ask was
that the anal one maybe I just know what
to do the same my ass hurts
that was more of a comic relief question
do you ever think about other people
during sex and who if you do
oh yes I would say a celebrity like
George Clooney okay I was one time right
the next time I was Brad Pitt okay
but I had a beat Jennifer Aniston and
that one all right yeah that was my toe
mm-hmm what would you want me to do in
bed that I don't commonly do now oh
don't say it the BJ's or the peanut
butter and jelly I just be a little more
open and not be as germaphobic that's
probably yet I ask the same and taut
right you see them in right yes you see
them in stopping see me no phobia I'm
seeing a folks I'm in a phobic I have to
wear gloves like playing doctor right
and what's your sexual fantasy that we
haven't tried yet
well oh yes I know other than feeding
you in bed but no I would say I mean
what happened i would say joining the
nine mile club it's the mile-high club
oh yeah but you know what I mean you
speak my language my own dying I mile
Club you'd be an astronaut well we could
do it jogging - yeah a mile mile high
club that's what I meant
a mile-high club next time you can't be
a fantasy if you can't even say it
mile-high club okay but go to the
bathroom with them would say would be
the club right and you're getting in the
club mm-hmm you'll get the mile-high
club a mile-high club
I'm gonna do it just what about Fred -
turbulence it would be even more
exciting a mile-high club okay next time
next question I think it's yours I would
be next time do you wish I made more
money it would be nice mud
everyone wishes there's always more
money coming in but we can live the way
we are you just don't live
