seconds and then sharpies yes sir
[Music]
what do you want to be when you grow up
well since I'm gonna go sign to me be an
engineer but I also like art and journey
there in adult dances though if you
don't tell me
what's your favorite memory from our
childhood I think probably there's those
moments where Eliza where you know how
we're always like this in separate rooms
and we realize gonna need to like spend
time together all the time so we just
watched movies i watch youtube videos
for a long time all night and does binge
watch them I think probably my favorite
part of everything
what's gets to help me sees once we're
never seeming sad probably come to you I
understand you more yeah I also like how
just how I guess conscious you are not
like evidence not to you about the world
and like all the injustice is going on
because even though we have I eat
rabbits and snow this like I'm talking
to someone my age
what's the most annoying thing about me
I guess when we really something that we
don't that we have different venues on
and you're persistent like today you
take me somewhere it makes to a store
but if I'm gonna have to go somewhere
with your friends and I out complain but
you know I think order it's like own
when you know that back down
yeah when you I grant on about comic
books and stuff I don't want to hear
about when you called me and I'm late
granting to you about what's going on in
my life this way I'll be fine like
doodoo and get yourself together and I'm
like it's not that simple like that's
what I complained but you know what that
there's things problems that you have
diet you know that can be easier yeah
like not knowing but just the fact that
you do like think like like older it's
easy everyone like it's not like average
this time you got now unlike it gets so
much hard really frustrating that you
don't get that from like I know you're
gonna get to my age of you like I should
it looks I know I I do think it's gonna
get harder anything like problems by
going to school maybe that that partisan
right they got it but sometimes I don't
understand that the way that you
describe your problems okay pull it up
for a sec guys
when do you feel closest to me banana
this way we talk about serious issues
especially if Evan something like I'm so
passionate about and I will have a lot
of people here talks about it so when
we're talking about like creation of
justice is old we're talking about the
stronger tomorrow how we can fix it an
education system that makes us spending
closer also bonding over yes that's what
I do
what do you think is mom's favorite and
that's why I think I'm here for him to
talk to you for me to talk to is easy to
doctor I think oh no I say mommy likes
to alarm her angrily in different
aspects so like she may like me more
time to talk about things that we
understand each other well I see your
sign because when you're around her more
analogous I think it's a for all the
signs but it's something that feels I
don't see a few more why because you
guys
well I speeding thank you guys I want to
talk about where does he eat here to you
yeah okay also
haha I changed since we met and how do
you are how did your arms refill on it
okay it seemed like so much when you
were small you know obviously like
everyone said link-ups
I was only child and so like I first I
don't like you but then you feel like
the first I guess with eight years of
your life we're very close and you did
everything I said great together was
awesome and we couldn't leave each other
side and how about teens Kentucky met
and hope you don't see nobody I think
before you are attaching your this
wanting to be around more and I mean it
makes sense I was at York now so you're
not going to be so touched
but now feel like you're good-looking as
a young and me are around as much as you
did or look you call just the only thing
going to see you feel like you don't
miss me but I'm just feeling down you
feel like it's like your duty to me to
be around me to make me happy or
satisfied and Toto feel about it
you change most of the time so I think
that's mostly where I don't think you
have really high schemes I talked to you
before love you and I think I sounded
like I was in a mini-mart it's how we
have more similarities and that was
being able to talk to you but I didn't
know that we have so much and
like blessed bickering this X can you
yeah
what's one thing I can improve to I
could do to improve our relationship
I mean he asked her about what's going
on in school but I talked to you about
like subjects but I don't have to give
up problems or homework or people at
school but that axial song yeah well but
you started sick totally you think it
was a good day so yummy asking more
about
yeah
oh wait I don't need it again yeah
what's one thing that I can do it's a
foot of our relationship do you have
anything I can do to it food I mean I
won't please you say oh I feel like I'm
telling you to do something you don't
want to do that you would have done it
already but uh I guess just like what
you just don't we're all just like
hanging around just like hanging out
just like spent much time with each
other especially for most of the time so
[Music]
what one piece of advice Oh what one
piece of advice would you give here
Totoro stuff
[Music]
I mean now it's like a good kid IAT like
everything was good but I would say
maybe just like worn myself that
Gothenburg holidays no just
I think treasuring like when I tell you
this judging at time that attitude new
school is the best time of my life and I
know everybody at college from things
that middle school is like the worst it
was amazing
I wish I said you're in college still
using the only talking phone and I
always have work to do
and even on a weekends I'm always doing
something well no it's not a fight over
these I I just I don't know I guess I
just have to urge you do it so I
about talking to anyone phone yeah
because especially when I'm alone
because I didn't be sort of doing so he
it does not easily since I'm not doing
comic comic books or watching videos I
think since I got you set out that's why
when you come back I don't use with a
talk at much I also think well as far as
not talking away from each other I think
just about edges are so differently by
the time how we go hearing in the school
you get out of grave and I have meetings
at school and then like I think that's a
part of it so most I think sometimes
when you do talk like I think we just
want someone to talk to
accommodation is short and sweet yeah
talk to you a lot okay
make some time a little bit by myself
yeah or I have important to Kiki
yep yeah because there's someone that
talk to you I don't I don't talk to my
friends like that they just call them
anytime call it random moment ecologies
indeed when I read doesn't need someone
else to be present however Karen's
affected who we are question
well mommy I think I don't know like
what you know compared to what I know I
mean it's not us but I just think like
the way she grew up is completely
completely different from ours and she
like try so hard and not like that
part of her life affect that like now
and I think and even the less it gates
and like she tries to block out some
people where that's the negative energy
for our household she still tries to
help them so she's like even though
she's trying to make this like better
life for us she's still like right now
like I love you and I still need to
support this person even though they
probably aren't a good person
so I think her strength and like her
will to make us better people just have
our lives may be incredible is something
I think that we took on and they do it
affects us immensely
our parents but did you hear I think
with daddy Jets well with one with him
Club it away and then also there's
everything that went on I I think
affected me a lot in terms of my trust
issues and just getting to know people
is like artists 33 thousand times higher
than he used to be so I think that's
about the Nemo's
well daddy you million honored to I so
new I um since money let's keep with us
it's easier for me to talk to early but
I still feel like that tense he's been
cutting over more for applications Oh
during Kristen I know he did a positive
role model like always I've known him so
I'm really okay it says he that come
he's always giving telling us what to do
but it came it seemed straight sometimes
but he just wants us to that he says
helping us to be better people
mommy and Mike I'll see about what you
said like mother and she said there'll
be out today
yeah because with us helping them even
in his family that even if they persist
for how to help them team up see another
nothing you sir but yeah I just like
that about her even if she argues that
we see this works me to be better to you
that's so that's why I think they didn't
mean this I try to make me a better
person I also think that you would just
be an open emotion
fucking love boxes they obviously like
well you say loving mommy but I don't
it's like looking unspoken thing with us
I think I appreciated of him always like
making sure that we know that He loves
us and I think that I'm just trying to
like I gotta spending like that and
everything I do in life you know like I
love you I don't know even even though
you know they would ask me here and
tries to us you know if you could change
one thing about our childhood want me to
be me I talk to you more the ones that
sounded Nicky now it could be 91 fix
your something that were early on when
you would another maybe I talk to you
but I think whenever you're over really
animated talking down once I was dead
was even hit though and now that your
college that I was started to talk to
you more I think
I think I would want to know geranium
Christian and my siblings earlier on oh
they're going maybe when you were born
and getting to know them around the same
time they could have brought us all
closer together there they go to speak
we like watching movies with these big
families and they're like I don't want a
big family but I think because I met
them when I was over there like where we
have a big candy but just email me busy
each other sometimes we don't visit them
all at once oh that's so maybe someone
yeah how do you think this creates
conflict in our relationship Wow okay so
when you were younger either obviously
really into sides if I go in I think
creates conflict is like we're all like
monkeys I don't know she believes in
every night I get that except like Jonas
I don't think it's comput well I mean I
don't know because I'm still all over
the place like I don't really know what
I think of this until you give me
evidence of the second you know so but I
think in terms of different things I say
what you might say like oh god you don't
believe it guys but anything I don't
know case conflict I think we definitely
have different perspectives on it and
when it comes out it's just I don't know
I just think it encourage conversation
and just a conversation
bicker about anything well when you said
that when I was W nate'd years ago well
yeah well yeah because well when I was
like a little kid I think that was about
God in the Michael in third about there
were critics are thinking about it I
don't think about that to us now I mean
even got but I don't really I don't know
but it's whisper these were listened to
relieved because there are many
practices of parts of different
religions type I once you but that
wasn't obvious practice but there there
are parts that I don't believe anymore
don't know how do you can't lose you oh
my god
oh that's terribly studies and school I
just don't like the fact that you your
phone you have to pick one he's just
like I don't like don't feel it's
necessary you just like well you know
you go to label yourself or something
you can believe in I'm in that be the
extent of it and just believe what you
believe you don't have to like identify
yourself or something and like proper
things for Christ there you and it just
like you believe what you want and keep
it simple even up I don't think our
faith creates constant maybe two years
ago because nothing ever starts first
started getting into divine in it and we
got all avoid talked about how you
didn't leave you know it's not a thing
it was very easy to this they got I was
getting into it building so that's why
they got a very passionate about it yeah
what do you think you could learn it
from me
well you were very good in schools I've
always tried to be that's just that's
what I do even though I don't even think
sometimes I try to get a truck they make
sort of my dreams ice cutting swords I
think they're not going to be exact but
assessing since you skipped a grade
I can't see the coming now but I just
wanna have a good life and I know you're
I've never they've seen your work or
your grades but they just don't you need
to describe it and hearing about a
necessity because of hearing about you
or a necessity because you know the
titles or the words that you've got also
it's just being a good person or are you
open to what YouTube I would have been
just in that
how they open the different kinds of
people I think what I learned from you
do a lot of things I mean why I think
your perfectionism and not only school I
think of a lot of things that's
inspiring just like you're just old
you're going to get it done in nearly
I'm gonna get it done in this way I want
to help I'm gonna do it on my own
and though sometimes that's annoying
what I think that drive is really cool
and I think the other year openness as
well even was like everything that I'm
passionate about
just like veganism so even though like
you are you're like spoken so no you
just like yeah like I know they could
hurt something to try to cut this out
I'm gonna try to do this nothing gave me
an open to my lifestyle it's really
hopeful and I like that about you in
that openness yeah I'm going back so
about the week and let us say think what
kinds of people that get having what
been even over whatever think you can
even get four minutes in you can have
any type of friends me any breeze
anything like that yeah there's no
reason to discriminate what's one less
annoyed day you would want me to never
forget lesson idea yeah lesson is I
think you're better that you come from
so many people who love and care about
you and I think especially being in
school with this if something ever
happened like people in school and like
yeah like things just like absolutely
probably gotta prove yourself feeling
here's would be the side
percent around people and that was just
fine but antenna but like not to lose
yourself in that
just remember who you are and just keep
that mindset and like even if these
people are trying to do do something
like I have this people awake in the
background like that home that support
me for who I am not trying to be
something else
um of the school I think that I have
their little different in school because
most of the reason is because I want
this much of a fool and I do I hold
because I'm just trying to get good yeah
no I don't want me to do it for people
like burning stuff what's one lesson or
again you want me to never forget this
lesson is to be as open as you can and
want to be with the people who want to
help so like Winstead things are going
on in your life or you know I can't tell
you that sir listen I was like I wish it
hit like I'm never gonna tell you folks
you do is I'm just like please tell me
and that I also think that help us
because acceptance being open to I think
I don't you forget being open to war
being open to do more things that you
don't appreciate or they said with
painting or drawing you didn't make that
into you got born one day so
there are materials you know you like a
lot yeah like stuff like that stuff that
you don't stuff that you don't really
appreciate now might be open to doing
something not sure what's one lesson or
value of that except you that you now
know is false false are wrong like it's
something that you would need or that no
no this is something that I told you
that you thought this true or like
something I believed and realized it
worth it
[Music]
from that I find out a little bit true
they it could be that disagreements
about his career scientists think that's
me when I'm doing work sometimes you may
have the pin and it may not be true or
it may be the same for me too I don't
have anything bigger big drastic yes
in what ways are we cylinder and how
does that scare you I think we're
similar in that we're not very social
like we like being home a lot and
there's watching our videos and being an
outlet space I think we don't like
talking about person stresses or issues
at all just like it's really
uncomfortable
I also think we break down my thoughts a
lot mean you can't get it up we have a
common common law and I think with our
you mentioned two expressing ourselves
there are and what scares me about the
socialization
shucks I mean I without an excellent
that bullying wasn't really a thing and
ice in my school tomorrow should go
today but I worry that your lack of
socialization is kind of expected
somehow and lack of talking yeah just
like when to talk to people are running
to being around friends and just kind of
I mean we like me and all tobacco that's
gonna affect you in high school some way
and a long do anything I don't go too
close that isn't telling people that I
go to school and I think you guys after
middle school it's hard to keep me in
touch with them I see once I don't that
question yeah so you've got a business
point and well we may be caused a high
school but I'm cutting I mean it still a
little we're about to go places so I
feel it should be easier with friends I
don't think it's worth those friendships
my students that happen that a lot of
things in life but when you're in that
time period like making it the best you
can be with those people even if you
don't be friends with them if you're not
president after is making those memories
those people who ever leave you should
do I feel like ice weird how yes
seminarian felt public rates or people
okay work you know how I didn't really
talk about it
hard elbow rates for people in the world
and you didn't talked about it with me
so this until Italy issues come up on a
news you talk about it because I guess I
just well you know how I'm sometimes
call you that damn they got have it off
did you know oh I'm afraid I'm kind of
afraid I because there's a lot of stuff
that you have to do when you're an adult
I I don't know
well I heard about if I don't know all
the specific details and I always ask
mommy about it says that there I know
how Texans work and everything but
that's giving insurance on everything
with it it's just hard so you sort of
maybe like scared and mister for me
because I feel like I said I would want
to know now yeah we're especially yeah
I'm afraid of getting over because I'll
play also I think I don't want to learn
the mean so pretty no very much so
scared for me because like we had a lot
of their parents and they know about
parents and as I said Griffin passed
away like I was parents are the next and
that scares me so if I'm gonna go there
they're gonna go that scary and I also
just think the unknown of the future is
like prom responsibilities and how many
like I just don't want any of it so I
think that's just I mean I want to get
all that expands like more paper travel
and go out but as far as like
responsibilities its accident working I
don't know
but the great thing about visual and
conference I'm scared about that too you
know it's their order they move around
that much
yeah I think about that all the time
especially in collagen so I would have
something happen to them I was away okay
so like that scares me all the time
because you never know why I was always
like all on this medicine eccentrics
like yeah because I feel like since I'm
a poor kid people might not they are
looking at too much from I don't get
problems that people start feeling like
I'm gonna get order people kind of since
you haven't even touched her people were
they won't see many little kids no you
know know what I mean if I got is like
he next city if people were very little
buddies how much we got was that scared
but nothing the older it gets I think so
especially I'm just saying I'm here at
that we have to even be in high school
and like you guys always for need to
prove their toughness of masculinity and
that scares me about you getting over
there coming from God I hope he's like
yeah I don't think so either I'm scared
that other people
I shall do it you know I've said all
right it's happens but people what do
not like bragging about all the time
winning but I feel actually I realize
it's how people just more goes to see
money won yeah I don't know about you
[Music]
and I asked questions yeah Oh
I didn't really design school with work
to get mad or cry sometimes
by late Tony won't even I don't owe
money this kinematic to connect with an
impressive in with other cases so but I
don't feel like they're Jenner smarter
than me or doing work they're working
better but it does
[Music]
[Music]
get what I have to do done but there's
no like this takes it long
do you think we'll be this close in 15
years might wanna the pencil if you
still live in the city I don't know well
I don't know if all still live in the
city 15 years
well I'll be turning okay yeah I miss
you live in the city because I may go to
comments out one after the four years
there won't be where the owners don't be
naughty underneath problem thank us but
don't means it work so I think what talk
to police I don't know that I think will
be open using okay well I think we've
only this close Stephan offense I mean
it's just so hard on City I really
together and I thought we because there
but also I think that we know then since
here in colonies and then I'll make one
more order maybe they probably easy to
make when you're at college me beat the
same order know what you're like the
reason tip now maybe a same because you
either than somewhere else the same
yeah it can do stowaway they visit you
got any time whereas in college you
can't but I'll give it at this me more
about something we don't need we'll see
we don't get toast on that sphere we
were in the house together
I think already closer because even
though we may not live together I feel
because we'll be kind of close to our
age and we hope that that will be a bit
soft even more like even more personal
favorability so I think over here closer
what do you love me I love you being
very affectionate it is always making
sure that he'll I'm sure you know
we know you love us like this every
night goes hang out with you I love like
this what I said earlier they open any
distance people their personalities even
Holly not panic if they're if you think
I'm lying but if they're past this
inequalities you know I think that
qualities that you don't have that know
they've all personality you're still
open to their beliefs
yeah you're okay with it another how you
know me and you so it's even though you