yes and you guys tell me you just tell
me your names
how do you put together and what's your
situation like here let me get ya start
well my name is Alexandra I Mike and I
lived together we've been on and off for
almost two years
yeah we met back in March
so that's January late January right now
so it's we got two months left on a
two-year meeting ceremony yes yeah we
took we dated for like three or four
months before he said let's actually
like not see other people then we took
yeah we dated for a while then we took a
break over the summer which is awful a
terrible sign you ready yes all right
I'll take the first guard yeah okay took
two okay when you think about the first
time we met what do you remember eight
hours long of drinking and talking and
not wanting to let you leave because I
was terrified I'd never see you again I
came off and
addition and I was so nervous usually I
drink before dates but I didn't with you
didn't have time so we drink on the day
yes yes but I was really scared
I remember you walking in to the bar
that we met at and I you know was
scoping the place out making sure that
was a good one walking in what's your
favorite thing about me I look it's the
question asked me like regularly I would
say it's your ambition and your drive
and your incredible amount of focus that
you have them on things you like and
things you like to do in people that you
love it's just you treat all those
things with a lot of energy and a lot of
passion just like even the way you give
gifts to people you're so focus and
obnoxiously good at it okay but gifts
you give your like so incredibly pop
you're like Amy Poehler and parks
interact like you just give gifts to
people and there's like oh my god it's
the most thoughtful gift I've ever
received
I have a pair of socks for you and it's
really sweet it's really nice what do
you love about our relationship well I
like that we can change I was especially
with a boyfriend/girlfriend dynamic and
after we broke up I sat on this guy's
not the guy for me
and then as time passed over the summer
and I just got worse and worse
I realized that I missed myself with you
and who I was with you and I just can't
imagine being without you and now that
we're back together we are so strong
this is the best we've ever been it's
been like five months together yes we
arbitrarily put October first that's
kind of bullshit yeah look at each other
who knows but I'm so happy with where we
are now I'm happy that you can let me be
a selfish little bitch sometimes and
throw temper tantrums and I like that
you have your own sense of self - I I
need my partner - like I've said I need
you to have your own life going on cuz I
can't be everything to you when do you
feel closest to me in the mornings
honestly like before get a baby cuz like
when we got a bed were awful people
though while we're still in bed and just
the alarm goes off we both hit snooze
for the fourth or fifth time and we just
laying there snoring a little bit both
of us yeah it's just you don't have to
say anything I don't do anything it's
just so nice to know you're there just
cuddling with me if you could change one
thing in our relationship what would it
be and why I know exactly I wish I
didn't have to be the person looking for
jobs for you I wish I wasn't the person
I am
saying I know that I'm that person that
wakes up in the morning looks for jobs
and looks for new opportunities and
looks for acting work and I'm constantly
doing that and I can't stop so it's hard
for me to understand someone that needs
more money is bored and then doesn't do
anything about it
mm-hmm so yeah I guess I wish you were a
little bit more proactive proactive come
home
who is more power in the relationship
you were me hmm that's a hard question
because like out right I'd say you have
more power but since I'm like I feel
like I had a lot of power cause I have
to help temper you sometimes and just
know we given take a lot it's pretty
even it just depends upon who's most
upset at the moment it's gonna speak the
loudest gonna yell out is - yeah God who
needs more coddling this day yeah it was
back and forth and I don't feel out of
balance at all I don't either I didn't
know my first when we were first
together a little bit but who had were I
let you have more it's kinda like yeah
wrecking ball at each other and and this
stopped my turn your turn
what are you hesitant to tell me
what am i hesitate to tell you people
sometimes I like my privacy even if I'm
not doing anything wrong I do like just
I don't know like certain things when
you want to always know who's texting me
or it's it bothers me that you always
need to know and I'm not doing anything
wrong without that in those moments I'm
hesitant to tell you who I'm talking to
my own little world
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now
hmm well I guess but whole summer was
kind of disappointing wasn't really just
just disappointed me I can't really
think of anything that really stands out
except just all the shit that went down
over the summer and now it's all kind of
water under the bridge I think about it
from time to time and get angry but it's
no reason to I'm aware of my emotions
I'm aware that that's not like what
logical well what do I do over the
summer that pissed you off
seriously you had no obligation to tell
me like what was going on in your life
but I just kind of wanted to know do you
I mean like people I was sleeping with
yeah that so you were disappointed by
some other people that's one that we
couldn't make it last as long as we
could break up yeah
very I was disappointed in the breakup
in general do we have enough sex
[Laughter]
we winters really people who taller
people our adventures yeah I don't feel
like there's everyone every time I tell
one of my girlfriends what we do they're
like scam Oh Todd how could you Alex you
really slept with his ex-girlfriend
hadn't had it to be something like
whatever happens no I guess it doesn't
doesn't happen everybody
[Music]
what is the act you'd like to try but
are afraid to ask the act yeah kind of
do everything but if you want to do
something but you're afraid to ask it in
oh we talked about the other night you
dominate me oh yeah oh yeah I know every
seven had time yet but you you've always
said you didn't like it I don't ever
recall saying yes you have really okay
now I changed my mind then okay am I the
best sex you've ever had it's like
comparing apples and oranges yeah you're
the best sex I've had it's really hard I
hate that question but um yes and no I
mean I've had sex like a one-night stand
before that it was just so pretty and
last-minute and nothing mattered that
there was something raw and cool about
it but with you I have copious and
consistently amazing sex amazing
mind-blowing sex so I can't compare
those two yeah moments but yeah to
answer the question yes you're the best
sex I've ever had
good job yeah is it sex in the singular
sex in the plural
right like one thing we've had some like
off a couple times I think we've had
some off off days tired or sick even
even then it's always fallen yeah it's
fine I've definitely had tedious sex
before every other boyfriend I've had
it's just like Oh God can't they just
like
[Laughter]
take so much effort on my part to ask
this out not be your first time that
would be lovely
- yeah do you ever think about other
people during sex who no really no I'm
like very much in the moment yeah me too
I mean I guess sometimes a period watch
porn I think I'll be like watching bad
yeah yeah no specific person how much
porn do you watch and then really I
watch more than you I know that I'm
pretty sure I watched more than yeah
there's no more than me - how am i home
more than you
you always get home before me usually
not one I'm working at John's I watch a
lot of I don't know like a couple of not
well I mean not a couple hours say
couple hours a day you also get I
fast-forward to certain parts yeah I
mean so three or four sessions a week
yeah
that's fast why do you like porn because
I enjoy watching people have sex yeah
that's and it's it's fun to project
yourself in that situation
see I never checked myself I just really
like fun to look at yeah what do you I
think okay what do men employed porn
dude that you wish I would do Oh
take the role-playing a little bit
farther definitely I mean you can I mean
you know those about me yeah we talked
about acting out like a hole yeah any
other restaurant a string yeah thing
what's up the ante I'm sorry guys oh yes
writers are better don't wear that
stupid crap okay no more character less
costume yes yeah I can't come anybody
new as a human being
okay come in like a constable or
something good okay what do the women in
porn do that you wish I would do
I just change it up more I feel like
they do every sort of weird position
within like a 15 minute span but usually
when we find the right thing we just
keep going with just some of those
things also
they'd look interesting and it probably
a lot of fucking work we should try yeah
okay what's your favorite kind of porn
and why have you ever chosen porn over
me no like but you'd rather watch porn
then have sex with you know available
but they're heinous
those porn stars are really ugly yeah
more reality stuff because they're not
like disgusting pleasure oh I don't like
the staged relatively our higher budget
porn I like like much shark oh my god
it's casually kind of attractive and not
injected with collagen all over the
fucking body your turn what do you get
from porn that I don't give you the
fantasy you know yeah I mean there's
yeah that's another question I can't
really go into okay
I know the answer to this one how do you
feel about me watching porn it's fine
yeah what's porn together yep you still
haven't put it on our giant TV yet
that's true without a new TV yeah 42
inch HD boobs
