each other prolly take each other in and
then Jeff when you feel ready you know
give it like good 30 seconds looking at
when you feel ready take your first
party and we also need cards yeah so
Jeff okay
what do you remember about the first
time we met well you know I always like
to revisit that moment when you walk in
and I was in a room helping to organize
a newspaper and I just saw you and I was
like she's so adorable probably somebody
died because he's ugly you look so
adorable and I was just hoping that you
will sit next to me and you did and then
we talked and then your voice was very
beautiful
so I remember very well okay
when do you feel closest to me I feel
closest to you during sexual intercourse
when I'm when I'm helping you with
something that you need assistance with
and a little on the negative side but I
feel closer to you when you're going
through a painful period like with your
father passing away last year no it's uh
it was uh it was a painful experience
and I you know I felt that pain I shared
that pain with you and when we're having
discussions over things that we have in
common
even even when they're disagreements but
more than likely they're agreements
that's when I feel really closest to you
and more abstractly um I feel really
close to you what I'm looking deeply
into your eyes
I don't know if there's only one answer
it's supposed to give no what do you
love about our relationship I think that
this lot of Steel is very fresh that we
plan things and we keep honest to each
other you know like you said before even
if we have differences I like to
highlight the difference just because of
myself I like to know that you know that
I don't agree with stuff but just to be
very clear about you know it's not see
that I like that we can talk about stuff
and through the years probably we have
learned to communicate in different ways
you know I mean it's only like like I
remember when we start communicating is
almost like I assumed that you were
similar to my previous relationships in
many way and it took me a while to
understand that you are more you like to
keep more things to yourself you know
so I stuff like that but still in the
process I guess that it's just nice that
we still keep it fresher on how are you
I all I loved the voyage of discovery
that it is and you keep me on my toes
keep me interested in and trying new
things and like these yeah like this to
me for example yes I love that freshness
aspect
I am the best six you have ever had
that's a question it's a statement noise
of whistle okay I have the basics do you
have everything
yes yeah you are the best sex that I've
ever I think that in terms of if not
quantity quality of the orgasms that I
have with you are the best and I find
that even though that we have had sexual
relations for almost two decades that
the the areas of sexuality there are
areas of sexuality with you that I would
like to that I have not and I would like
to discover with you so I think it's
like the the unders undiscovered country
that I consider where we still have to
go to be part of the thrill
making the sex that we do have very good
yes it it is the best it's okay I don't
think Oh friends if it's not what are
you hesitant to tell me to talk all fine
every time that we need to talk about
then I'm like okay let me just prepare
the fear death does I would say the
toughest you know it still remains a
difficult subject
yeah I think so I think that is you know
with time I have noticed that I just had
to just to let you know to give you
heads up that I'm going to talk about
that and we need to talk about our still
be physical
do you think that it's gotten easier the
hesitancy yeah I mean I think that after
you know finally now that that is Johson
area is difficult for you I mean it just
always have been I have told you that
it's interesting that you know a lot of
our finance when it's economics how to
deal with your finance just to knowing
that I heard gather you know it's I need
to be less difficult but still we we
disagree you know okay I don't have to
continue reading personal finances for
dummies
tell me about the time I disappointed
you
how do you feel about it now one time I
think they're like maybe I think like
there's probably like a time like say
for example when you okay I'll say the
most recent time was when I ran the 15k
in Central Park and I told you when I
should be finished with it
and it was you know the they were
starting to Blizzard and then when I got
to the finish line I was so happy and
also that my time was really good and
then I couldn't find you there and I you
know I felt I forget I felt disappointed
but because I you know I had my phone
with me I called you then I know that
the winter weather is very hard for you
and generally you could not have
predicted hell you know how the path the
unpredictable path train was going to be
so I was I was you know saddened about
that situation but it was all all
forgiven
when I found you that's all you ever
knew was I was disappointed too because
I really wanted to arrive her you know
on time I just you know you take me
awhile to get ready mm-hmm
and it worked and it was so far yeah
as far as how I feel about it now I mean
it's water under the bridge or snow
under the bridge in that case okay
what is the one thing you cannot stand
about me chewing gum when we're walking
into a restaurant then you take it out
and put it somewhere there under the
[Laughter]
okay if there's one thing so if there's
one thing that you would have me change
immediately it would be that I don't
want whether you get from other partners
that you don't get from me
I guess what time
I guess this maybe there's like other
things that I am interested in that I
get from you know my my previous lovers
that I didn't get from you and they were
more like all the lines of st. going to
the type of movies I would like to go to
or the type of you know things that I
would follow on the Internet
but it's I think that really kind of you
know that kind of sums it up right there
you know like I know with your other
partners like you you know like to go
more to art museums and I mean I do like
to go to museums but it's not like you
know but D number-one priority on my
list so I know you get that like with me
I know you you did not grow up with nor
do you like it all the the generic
Hollywood movies so that's sort of like
you know the things that I you know that
I get and what I would like to get from
another partner that I don't get from
you
is someone to run with me in Central
Park you know on on the race days rather
than meet me at the finish line it's
cool I pass on though
how is sex different with your other
partners than it is with me well I we
have you know talked a little bit about
them you know I like so many different
things I think that um I also like like
you know I to play or to pretend that
there are different settings and animals
fears and stuff like that and you are
very realistic so I think that it is no
fun
so that is something that maybe no so
much for you there's some back doors
that I don't I'm not willing to open
that for except okay
whether you get jealous last time and
how did you feel
hmm why did I get jealous yes I got
jealous the last time because I felt
that I had less access to you sexually
then you do with your with your other
partners and how did that how did I felt
I guess I felt rejected and I think I
like try maybe sometimes like over by
intellectualizing by thinking that you
know okay it'll pass you know and sure
enough what time it does but sometimes
it is it's tough to deal with or it's
tough to deal with the fact that I can
act out in different ways like show my
am upset or jealousy you know in other
ways by being very blunt or
argumentative over a dumb thing when in
fact the real reason is is because you
know I have jealousy over your other
partners of sexual access to you or
physical access
than I do why am I your primary partner
because the silly question would mean
because we have a cat together because
well I mean in my search for a partner
in general you know that politics was
the big differences with my previous two
partners and I was very easy with you to
know that we share the same politics for
me I would say art and politics are very
important art it's easier to share with
other people you know it just even you
have to be to have a political agreement
you know but politics is you're so hard
to find someone that you don't have to
discuss the basic stuff you know and
that you have an agreement of they'll
look so that for me it's important and
you have that so for me so with yours
very I don't know is for me just a huge
difference you know with the whole race
of the people and you know I live in
friends you know so that it makes you
special that they still we can almost
read an article and we are already
rather you know getting to the same
conclusion you know you know and I have
the discussion with my other partners
what is just kind of like oh no he's a
reformist oh yeah so yeah that that's
for me I like you I love I like that you
are very you know sweet you're a very
sweet person
I feel that we can you inspire me to
continue building something with you
yeah we have much still in time when we
have changed in our relationship and
still meet you here and I like that
as long as I am in love with you I will
stay with you what would you make you
leave what would make me leave you yes I
guess if there was like a repeated
pattern of you know of you earning me
you know emotionally or even physically
and you know that if you if you wanted
me to go places with you in terms of our
relationship that I couldn't go to and
they were make-or-break issues for both
of us then you know that would be that
and if your politics went far to the
right that would that would be a
deal-breaker you know cuz I know we're
under everybody's under the same
pressures in this warm society so it's
actually one of my fears is that you
know the society would warp your
politics
they would go far from watching your
voice do you really feel like we are
growing apart no I mean at this moment
no I mean I think that you know they
have been moment or having hard you know
like a when we live in Mexico those were
moms work very hard I would say that
probably was the hardest because I go
see and understand when you why you
couldn't feel like comfortable just
freelancing you know I feel having a
full-time job I thought it was super
cool you know but you know I probably
that was the hardest was the only time
that I was like well maybe after all
because like we understand where you're
coming from I was like oh maybe after
all we're not like a perfect yeah much
but I mean I don't feel like that I know
what about you know I feel that it
especially now that we are in agreement
on what we need to do about our health
and how housing situation that there's
not a potential rupture in that you know
I'm more wedded to the single family a
home ownership deal like maybe I was a
little bit cushy in that lifestyle a few
years ago I think the ordeal of this
winter and our heat issue has taught me
once and for all that we're more
important to be together than to be in a
in a home our categories as well even
though she doesn't want to go to a
smaller place I know is it your turn to
ask me wait sorry oh yeah yeah I'm sorry
sorry I'm getting ahead of myself who
has more power in the relationship you
or me that's well I think Penny's
husband Ryan said it best about their
relationship to me one time when he said
that she has veto power so I think that
when it comes to major major issues that
were divisive over I think that I would
defer to your do your desires more often
then then you know then mine I mean
there's some dude does come from time to
time something that I feel is extremely
extremely important and you know even if
I might backtrack initially you
no you know you're a very difficult Rock
to move on some boys you know I'll try
to come back to it and really try to
look at it from an empirical standpoint
that well you know what we tried it this
way and it didn't work so what's going
on with that but thank goodness we don't
have we a we don't have a car and have
to fight over directions and B when we
do have a car there's Google Maps to get
us to the to where we need to go but I
don't know I think I'd like I prefer to
be more compensating towards your your
your desires and and defer to you mainly
because I know in general in society
it teaches women to be subservient or
you know secondary to men and I'd like
to think in our relationship that you
feel that you know that you that you're
an equal or you know a little bit more
than an equal because you you know you
catch so much hell out in the real world
do you agree with that assessment well I
like it also when you joke when you told
you world or when he was married that
you said the only suggest device device
is always listen to the woman and never
try to voice what is what you'd like to
say never say anything after a fight
because it would be the beginning on
another argument
oh is the one rule is the woman always
has the last word in an argument because
anything that a man
after that is the beginning of a new
argument that's me you can read it if
you want since I all I know is you could
change one thing in our relationship
well what it will be and why I could
change one thing I think if I could
change one thing it would be to to have
come up front with you about my aversion
to financial planning so that that
wasn't something that you that was a
surprise to you I guess yeah I think
that would be the one thing you know to
be to have been candid with you about
that and if there's one thing that you
would like to change what would that be
maybe that you try a little more
different thing yes - don't be just to
kind of go with the flow when there are
suggestions put on the table you know
because one tiny happens you know think
that somebody will invite us somewhere
and you're like to be like hmm or just
to try something no you know studio and
ask each other questions about our sex
lives on this rainy Saturday morning
yeah more more things I think that you
know maybe you're sometimes to be more
observant of others and just to give you
your self an opportunity to try
something that you see that oh this
person dance they always tend to do that
let me just try it see what happen and
maybe we don't like it you know maybe
they go to a Broadway show that I own a
brochure as well okay let's try it you
know something just for the sake of
doing something different I mean from
your home for son okay fine okay I'll
make a trip to the South Pole are you do
you have any anxiety over the fact that
I have had such horrible luck recently
in my on the poly dating scene I guess a
life Fiamma will be excited I feel I
feel sad because I know who you are and
I just feel disappointed that people
cannot be as open as they claim you know
like I sometimes when you share a
profile from someone that I have really
done like this person portray themselves
as very open and
I want to know all kind of people and
they don't even you know take an
opportunity to go you know out with you
on a date so I feel sad and I feel you
know sometimes I feel that somehow I'm a
little bit responsible to make sure that
that that we go to different places
where we can you can find someone you
know I mean but I know that it's no my
response or it is just who I am I tend
to feel responsible for stuff that yeah
so maybe I just I know you do you feel
general content with how I am with you
know with how you are with your
metamours you know how is everything
like yeah just the lack of sex
oh my but I've no but there ain't not
very sweet and the others that you dated
you know we're really cool folks but I
feel very you know very Eddie's around
you know Matt and Joseph I don't
consider them to be really good
on our own so that's really that's
something that was I know it's like in
polyamory it's not required that should
be friends with your medical horse or
let alone really get a loan or like to
get along but it's it's a nice bonus
that I do have very positive relations
you know with them independent you know
your own relationships with them and of
course that means that I often take
their sides and your own disputes with
them but you know it is what it is okay
I mean it was interesting just because
they were human oh oh can you feel okay
yeah how do you feel with a whole thing
about oh oh I thought it was I mean at
first I was reticent about doing it but
I thought well you know I feel that it
was very eye-opening and port wine my
opening cuz I got to see you know how
much love you have for me you know it's
you know really an affirmation of you
know what I had you know what I do see
what it's more of a reaffirmation
and also you know it's it's a nice
experience
and so how do you feel after after this
well I think that yes it remind me
I have movie but that is kind of like
those questions that are given because
it's not something that may be
particularly will select so it's just
you know so it's just kind of
interesting just to don't know what
respect right so you are like okay so of
course all of the questions you know we
have as each other in some ways or in
different ways so many times so but I
guess it is just different
I I think that is just nice experience
is somebody uses a space for for doing a
little bit of what you like to do that
is our reach in you know original for
different tips for other from other
couples and stuff like that Helen all
the relationships the other reason why I
like it I wanted to do it just because
it reminds me a little bit of what you
like to do when you are checking blogs
and stuff like that but also I consider
to be therapeutic to you know to have a
way of communicating that
a little different than what we're used