when you think of the first time we met
what do you remember okay I think it's
really funny but I remember your glasses
remember your frames yeah
and I remember you asking me out on a
boat we do in Miami and I remember you
just being really friendly and really
kind and I think you were wiggling
behind me making your butt yeah that's
pretty much I remember I said do I go
now
or do I ask you do we reciprocate
questions okay can I ask another one
okay well I had gone out with my buddy
that night and then we just wanted to go
to boobies and I didn't initially want
to go out but then I saw you kind of
dancing goofy in the corner too I was
like all right I like to dance goofy way
and then we kind of got next to each
other and you were so nice because you
just spoke with me like super naturally
and I was kind of refreshing I remember
that and you wanted to go on the boat I
was like Sweden yep all right my turn
what do you love about our relationship
I like how we've built it like we always
had our chemistry in the beginning but I
feel like we really built it up now and
to a point where we get each other
and I'm like discovering new things
about you all the time or reaffirming
things and then it's just kind of
refreshing every day it's nice and in
the comfort we have also like we know
each other pretty well which is good and
we still have fun and we could be goofy
yeah okay so my turn what do I love
about our relationship yes I love that
you
can drive me completely insane sometimes
and that I love you so much that I think
you teach me that's what I love about
our relationship that you can drive me
nuts but I can drive you nuts and we can
still like we can still just like be
happy and like understand that it's not
gonna be perfect and it's never gonna be
perfect but the fact that we are still
there for each other and that we still
like love each other as much as we do is
what gives it like our relationship
power and what I love about it is that
you know we can be ourselves and we can
be like the worst of ourselves and still
be there for each other and not give up
on each other that's what I love about
it your turn what is it about you about
me that makes you think I understand you
that's a hard one can you go first that
one what is the boat because I don't
even really understand that what is it
now about you that makes me thinks I can
understand you
I can't your your ability to analyze and
take a second and like even though like
in the height of our emotions we can we
always take that second to be like to
stop and like alright well I understand
you're really angry now
because you're super hungry yeah and so
let's go get something to eat and then
we'll continue
yes conversation once we're and we
always come back even when we gotten
super I'm here at each other and we've
left like each other space we have it's
gotta come back and be like alright
let's rewind that that's what I think I
think that's what works for me for you
yeah I agree
and so what would work from from what do
you think I do
you that lets me understand you I think
I think you that that that yeah that
fact is like true thank you're very
patient with me lately
and that's uh I think what makes you
understand me yeah all right next thank
you what are you hesitant to tell me
what am i hesitant to tell you um I'm
hesitant to tell you I think when you
leave I'm gonna be present to tell you
that I'm curious to see how we function
without each other
I was curious to tell you that because I
didn't know how you would take that okay
and so now I answer so like you're
hesitant to tell me like what our lives
would be without each other when I leave
yeah this is kind of like affirms that
we're gonna leave and stuff yeah but a
part of me is a little curious about it
yeah just to see I can get my shit
together yeah and what you're gonna be
doing and you know I think it's just I'm
always hasn't even talked about that I'd
like trying to lately we've been trying
to live in the moment yeah yeah but I
realized that that's just like part of
your personality to postpone like the
reality of things until it really comes
into your face and like punches you in
it what am i hesitant to tell you what
are wait yeah yeah what am i hesitant to
tell you um I don't know I think
sometimes I'm hesitant to tell you like
like holding back is that like hesitancy
like like holding back telling you
something yeah some days I feel like
like when you like leave me or like do
something wrong like when you're just
like well we're together at like in a
social situation sometimes like like
you're I think your ability to like
leave me for hours and like me not
bringing it up like I think sometimes
I'm had to tend to tell you like oh you
know you left me for hours you were
going which lately you've been better
about but like sometimes I'm hesitant to
tell you how I feel about that you know
because I don't want to feel like I
don't want you to feel like I'm like
whining or expecting something from you
you know right so sometimes like I'll be
like hesitant to tell you like that yeah
yeah yeah I get distracted yeah I know
and I realized it's you're a DD
sometimes I know what you call anyway I
just yeah I just get distracted when
we're going on ya know lately it's been
different but that's like pretty much
I don't know what I would be hasn't I
tell you everything everybody hesitate
to tell you anything
what's my super sex skill that you can't
get enough that I can't get enough of
you know exactly what it is yes you do
I'm hesitant to say it but wouldn't you
bang me from behind my super sex skill I
think it's the owl no it's kind of a
scene you paint no you just get really
into it beforehand and you're fun and
you're playful so we can like be sexy
but we don't to be like super serious
about it mm-hmm you know like be
something we're not
and I think I think we're flexible and
we have fun we try new things I love
that yeah all right next
what are you bit too specific that's a
good answer yeah am I the best sex you
have ever had yes yeah how you think so
I agree I say yes to that one getting
worse and you always have this like
weird feeling about that you always
think that I used to teasing you or that
I'm not I'm lying to you it's just
security you know you are because I love
you what's the biggest challenge of our
relationship
hmm that's uh that's one that I'd have
to think about but we've had several and
I think we've worked at them I think
I've been the one that has kind of given
up first and like you've been the one
that has always pushed me to knock you
up pretty much so the challenges that
we've had like the biggest challenge
that we've had I think has been for us
what do you think I think it would have
to be I think for me would have to be
like at the beginning it was patience
yeah learning how to just be patient
with the person that you are still
feeling each other I wasn't that great
in the beginning either yeah I think
that's always my biggest challenge as
patients I think I think I took a lot
for granted the beginning because you
were always coming like the distance
thing is not that big of a deal but it
somehow was like our our timing like
there was up well uh mm-hm you know you
have your home situation I'm making a
giant manchild I'm still trying to grow
up like it or am i into things
yeah and we didn't have like our little
neutral space I felt like we're always
on each other's turf and you were doing
the majority like majority of the
traveling in the beginning so that was
hard at first and in coordinating like I
think socially yeah like used to get I
mean you did you used to get annoyed
with me about that right like teeny bit
yeah I mean like what like about what's
going on yeah well you know if you take
it if you like took it too far I would
be like yeah yeah well you and I
wouldn't get upset about it if it were
it was a couple times I used to get
upset when I would be out and you would
be especially when you're studying
oh yeah cuz you're like oh you want to
go out no tip I'm studying but are you
sure hey what's up everybody the
background like yes I really wanted to
go out but I don't want to talk about
that right now cuz I'm studying
so the only reason why I would get
irritated because I was trying to keep
like you know I was trying to finish
something I had a goal and I needed to
concentrate on it and I felt like you
weren't there with me and it bothered me
it bothered me that you were like doing
your own thing when I would ask you like
you know once every week every other
weekend staying with me because I was I
am your girlfriend and I wanted it like
you know just I can't go out if I can't
go out for a month I can't go out well I
kind of in a way wanted you to like
maybe once every couple week and stay in
with me you know no it's me getting used
to
yeah house situation as well which I got
finally AM doesn't really yeah my Cuban
town yeah and even Park Rd I kind of
like that he likes leave me with you so
okay is it me I think it's me if you
could change one thing about me what
would it be I don't know if I would
change it but it's your ability to like
switch off mm-hmm but maybe that's a
good thing it's called flat affect I've
learned about it because it's so it's a
college party like to be and he did
debate with you or like it for our
passions are high and then you have this
ability to just turn off yeah and walk
away and it's like and I'm left with
this like ball of emotion I don't know
where to put it I'm like where you going
and you know yeah I gotta go right now
I'll see you in a bit and it's so like
cold and I know and I'm getting better
with that with you I don't know if I
would change that though might be a
healthy thing like I just I do it as a
self-defense mechanism you know yeah
just super good at it hey learn how to
do it start doing that at seven you get
pretty good at it yeah so anyways next
Oh what about you what would I change
about you I would change like your your
way of just sometimes being so I had
the word just like not instinct sure
almost like like reactive with things
you know like impulsive sometimes like
you're like you being impulsive drives
me insane like how am i impulsive like
with like with like sometimes like
you're impulsive with like consumption
yeah yeah and it's like that's like
sometimes like what I wish I could like
change like your ability to like handle
that your ability to like say no like
you know mm-hmm and not like be so
impulsive sometimes about things because
I think it'll be it's like there's like
a healthy limit you know yeah it's it's
driven a few people crazy in my mind
yeah I can see that I'm working on that
that's pretty much it
what is the sexual fantasy you were
afraid to ask me nothing yeah there was
no I don't have anything that I haven't
told you about myself what I want is
this one thing I know there's really dot
I think we're pretty pretty honest in
that department okay cool we would have
an exit yeah
what's a compromise you've made that
I've failed to recognize
[Music]
be honest I'm thinking I don't I mean
that the sometimes in the beginning I
think you didn't recognize what I was
trying to compromise but I think that
was like because it's like too late
because like you we were already upset
yeah yes so it's like irrelevant I've
done that last week yeah so I don't know
I think we acknowledge each other's
compromises pretty well lately too
I think I've just been trying a little
harder to be attentive to that stuff and
you've acknowledged it once Thanks
mm-hmm what about you so you'd ask me
the question anything I haven't
acknowledged the your compromises no no
I don't think so I think in the past
yeah but I got pissed and you're like
okay we figured it out you know yeah
when was the last time you questioned
ending a relationship and why didn't you
like a couple months ago yeah yeah yeah
why didn't I because I love you and you
always convinced me that this is worth
it I don't we can make whatever it is a
situation that we're going to work out
like and then you also convinced me that
you're gonna change whatever it is that
bothers pacifically that maybe were were
we what brought us to that point you
were angry you were hungry angry it was
no but you weren't thinking about ending
no no that wasn't an ender it was just a
fight yeah we didn't really even fight
no it wasn't a fight it was just me
being hungry
grumpy wanting to go and find food
that's not doing so I don't know I can't
remember what you were so angry about I
think we owe wrong I think kind of
everything hit it once like you leaving
and mother day was bad that day and I
think we had miscommunicated on
something yeah I think the reason why I
thought of it and I remember was because
I was leaving and then I was like you
know like why continue like a
relationships out in three months won't
be here and like I was thinking for a
while like it would be easier to just
like and things before like leaving
because it could like give me like a
like closure with you like an ability in
it just like yeah like you know not to
go with you not like be with you all the
time before I left to kind of like get
used to it you know yeah but then you
were like you know like it doesn't make
sense we might as well enjoy like the
rest of what we have together and not
make sense and that's why that was the
last time I thought of breaking up with
you was when I realized I wasn't gonna
be here yeah I'm glad we stuck it out
yeah me too good years what do you love
about my family and what do you wish you
could change about them that's okay
be honest they drive me insane - I love
well I love how your mom's kind of like
old-school but super on top of her game
like she I really respect the fact that
she has done everything she's done like
medical school teaching while your dad
is like not been there like I mean I
wish you guys were like more of a family
but I don't really know your father so
like yeah that would never work out and
what do you wish you could change about
them I think I can't without my mom I
don't know I think I wish I wish your
mother had more distractions in her life
didn't have to focus so much on on you
in by distraction I mean a boyfriend
me too yeah but no I I think she's been
very welcoming at first like I thought I
was being really judged by your mother
is usually how she comes off yeah it's
like a self it's like a defense
mechanism
my brother compared it to like the New
York way like The New Yorker because
it's like she has this front you know
but she really is so inside she's just
like so like a little soft teddy bear
you know she's hurt and she's sad
she has this front and she wants to make
sure that she has this friend cuz she's
our guard she's the one that has always
been the one to like lead the family you
know take care of everything I love my
88 year old crab mother yeah still
kicking
Cuban refugee now I have to answer that
for you oh yeah what do I love about
your family I love your mother and I
love her ability to I love her
creativity and I love her spunkiness
and I love how she has like the same
that same like that similar strength
that my mother has but she's been able
to deal with your father you know she's
had to do with your father and I don't
know I just love how like I love how you
guys you know you like doesn't matter
how long how long you guys are apart and
you guys don't talk to each other for
whatever time every time I get together
with the family with your family I feel
so loved you guys love so much and
that's what I love about your family and
what do I wish I could change about them
just like your father and like
everything he's made your mom go through
like I wish he would would have would
would have like stepped up you know at
an earlier time for your mom because I
see that your mom suffers a lot because
of what he's done and that's all I would
change so your turn that's funny I never
noticed the difference between the Cuban
and the Greenville families like we
don't all stay together forever we leave
early
yeah maybe that I don't know maybe that
space is a different that's a different
conversation that works what is a
mistake you see me make repetitively
repeatedly why do you think I keep
making it so what is a mistake you see
what is a mistake you see me make
repeatedly yeah why do you think I keep
making it well I think like now you
you're doing much better because you've
realized that you do have to change
certain things and certain habits in
your life to become a grown up man to
become responsible and to just get your
stuff together but I am a mistake that I
see you like commit all the time is um I
think it would be like I don't know I
would probably be like your maybe your
procrastination for things sometimes and
your ability like like your I don't know
I guess because you've changed so much
in these last three months like you're
not the person that you were before and
like you're not making the same mistakes
that you do that you used to make before
so this question wouldn't really be
relevant to you right now because I
think that it was you kind of stopped
making all these mistakes oh yeah the
car that's it
the car just waiting till the last
minute to do things like procrastinating
on things
I forgot I thought you were getting your
shit together well the car drove done
but you know
yeah just like waiting till the last
minute to do things and like
procrastinating on like your
responsibilities you know yeah it's a
big one and just you know having like
the ability to say okay you know just
prioritize prioritize I think you need
to just sometimes I think you make that
mistake of not realizing what it is that
you need to do over what it is that you
want to do
and then what's the other part and why
do you anyway why do you think I keep
making it why do I think you keep making
it just because I think sometimes you
just get you just got cluttered and
you're just like oh I'm just gonna do
you know it goes back to like what we
were talking about like you being what's
that word again I always forget it
pulses impulsive yeah yeah working on
that mm-hmm we all are working on that
so let's take that I keep committing
what kind of mistakes do you keep making
I'd say in the beginning you like spoke
without thinking quite a bit like we'd
be in social situations and you just say
something and they would be like oh
you're like what but I'm like I love you
you know but I never noticed that I know
but you I haven't it's that's part of
the reason I looked at me like that no I
just want to know it's not that I love
that part of you but that you've been a
little more I guess aware sometimes
before saying something right off the
top of your head yeah you know and like
people have told me that before and I've
like it's almost like an instinct for me
it was for for a very long time but they
go time in between what goes here and
what comes out of here like I mean I do
think about it
I actually do think about it and I just
say it anyways even though it's what I
just felt in my gut I think about it and
then I'm like who gives a fuck and then
I say it anyway so that's what I want to
say and sometimes I'm that way because
of the environment that I grew up in
we're at guys art opening and you were
like yeah and I'm like right in front of
the artists like I guess like the part
of me that I grew up with like a mother
that was always very not critical but
very realistic and very like say which
like she just says what she feels and
she's a
very blunt yeah and so I kind of felt
like for a lot for a for a long time
that I was that way because that's just
like pretty much what they like so I
would I grew up in and wait but that's
good that's a good part of you to
healthy balance like you said yeah of
course
why do you think I keep why why do I
think you keep making it I mean that's
just just who you are you're it's part
of your personality it's not even that
big of a mistake
it's kind of nice mine mm-hmm do you
think we'll stay together after I move
oh yeah I think it's yours
oh do you think we'll stay together
after I moved to New Orleans
um I think you know that I think you
we've talked about this before and like
you know that I'm not gonna do
long-distance visits never been
something that has worked for me before
and I just find it difficult to be with
somebody that I love when I'm like 900
miles away from them right because I
want you there so no you know that yeah
I've known that and I think like I
wanted to prolong reality long enough to
like always try to play with the notion
yeah I would some you know I've looked
at some jobs in New Orleans and I've
checked into it
yeah and obviously just wouldn't be like
the be a super romantic thing to do yeah
right now but I don't need to be super
romantic right now I am exactly they
need to grow up a little bit right now
exactly and like this is always my home
so if you're here like I'll see you when
I come and we'll always be friends and
we're all like you'll always be in my
life you know that yeah I know but it's
just that you're coming in terms of like
how the dynamic between us might change
or yeah that always makes me pretty
afraid but I guess that's life but I
know you're never gonna be gone from my
life you know I just don't know how it's
gonna pick it back up or what it'll be
like when we do or you know
that's how you just have to kind of not
over thank you leave those things up to
fate it was fate that we met so yeah I
always forget you did but I did because
it's my question oh when did I hurt you
most what was that moment I think you
know yeah I think I know too and I don't
want to say it okay so that's why we
know it's you oh wait didn't when did
you hurt me the most
I don't think you know you've been a
sweetheart you really have it not in
that way not in like a scarring way or a
jarring waver made me change the way I
think about you so no let's go on the
next question do you believe there is
the one for you
the one in general yeah like what uh I
mean like in a metaphorical or or
metaphysical or in a higher sense like
not necessarily like one I think I think
you can find love in a lot of places but
I think you can only find certain types
of love with certain types of people and
a certain one specific person
so maybe yeah I mean I think there is I
don't know no not in like the
[Music]
I don't know the stereotypical sense of
that I think is the one but I think when
you find something that you love and you
want you should like anything in life
you should go get it or you should
maintain it or you should make it grow
so yeah I could believe I believe you
can make it work with one and really
maintain and foster that relationship
and mi-8 you're right yeah right now
you're right I have my focus on you
again the dynamics gonna be hard when we
leave but I know that I've found
something that I want when I've tried
that you know and I'd be willing to
continue it and I'd be willing to to
keep it growing and keep this Jane
Foster said fostering alright well now
do I have to ask this I think we do I
believe there's the one for me well I
don't I think that can come in many many
it has like a lot of different ways of
like being perceived you know like what
is the one right and if you don't
believe it exactly so it's like I don't
know if I believe that there's like v1 I
get along with so many people and I and
I feel like I have this ability and so
do you to like love so many people and
be able to like understand love and the
way that I think I have an ability to
I guess I don't really understand that
that idea of the one because I think
when a person I don't know I don't
really know if I can find if I can
believe in that like this one person
like this one person is this person that
what does that mean the one that's
everything that you could ever want in a
person predestinate this perfect person
yeah maybe I don't know because I don't
know if I could just forever understand
I don't know being with I don't know if
I understand that the one I don't know
if I get that so you don't believe from
that I don't know if I do believe in it
or not because I up to this point I
haven't understood what that is or like
what does that mean I don't know like
what is the one I love no I don't think
so I don't believe in that or maybe the
one for you and and are you it I think
we need to like I think there's a lot
that we need to work on and there's like
the whole dynamic that I'm leaving and
the whole dynamic that you know we're
separating that makes that not a reality
right now so I don't think that I would
believe in this whole statement right
now but not because I love you any less
I love you and I see sometimes I picture
a future together but is it a reality
for us right now you know so since but
that do one thing it's kind of funny
it's like the Cinderella thing I guess
this is you why do you love me why do I
love you why do I love you I think
because of how like genuine you are and
everything you do like from the way you
walk to the way you eat or the way you
sing like all just you you're just very
and you are a lovely person and you're
so honest and you're so forgiving and
you're funny and you're silly and you're
a huge dork but then you're also very
elegant so you don't really really
belong in one category so it's like I
get my a TD gets a little piece of
everything it's nice and you just you've
always been so true like I don't know I
feel like there's never been much
bullshit the last for too long between
us you know we always kind of we dab and
get down to what we want to be doing or
try to at least yeah so that's why I
love you I think I think there's so much
like potential and the way we do things
cuz you know we've made it okay
ironically to the point we're reporting
but still it's a good place to part you
know and we can even talk about that and
we're so freaking young yeah god knows
what I'll be doing next here sorry I'm
like a little gypsy yeah and you're
gonna keep on floating which is fun too
and you will too yeah so why do I love
you
because you love me so much I love you
because I've never had anybody love me
so much
more in your mind no combs so yeah
that's why what do you want to say what
do you want to say do you have a
question that you want to ask me do you
want me to answer would we do you think
we'll be able to get back together one
day yeah I think so well asks you will
we that's too loaded well we know I
wasn't gonna ask you will we get back
together one day it would be but she
would knows you know would you want to
yeah yeah would - I would there's
anything you regret hmm about our
relationship ah no no I don't regret
anything even the mistakes
good what about you if anything does any
regrets on my part no do you have any
regrets no I don't have any regrets
it's been really a wonderful time I
agree silly how do you feel now did you
do you think you've learned anything
there I mean we have such an open
relationship and we're so honest with
each other about everything that they've
asked me I think we've already talked
about right and it's such a refreshing
like perspective on it because I didn't
know that other people went that way
until today when I realized that you
know they the producers and the
directors of the show we're telling us
all we like it's like really intimate
it's like really deep but I realized
like we already go that far
we're ready to go with that deep you
know that we've asked each other a lot
of these questions and more so that's
been refreshing for me to realize that
this relationship is that open and we
are that honest with each other hmm
I really love that into like not just
say immediately because I maybe I've
learned to like protect my word a little
more the value from from our
relationship
oh is that what he's asking Oh what have
I learned from our relationship yeah um
I have learned that on top of that that
we're like so honest and able to do that
but I found someone that I think I could
spend the rest of my life with and
that's a beautiful thing I've never felt
that before yeah so I think I've
definitely learned to be just a teeny
bit more attentive yeah and to like not
speak so much about change just sort of
go do it yeah cuz I memory so they just
promise you all the time yeah and that
gets old
yeah but you live and you learn
yeah and also just to I don't know but
what's important first so paying more
attention to it so I all retire no ties
that's all I'm excited I'm happy to see
you like go to go Excel and New Orleans
and you're gonna have fun and you're
gonna be learning a lot maybe doing what
you love
alright see it's super cliche but it
does make me happy
yeah so you're gonna be