oh can you just say see your names sure
I'm Ashley capo I'm Gabriel Gonzalez
five years engaged yes yes
when you think of the first time we met
what do you remember alcohol I remember
I remember parking my car and looking
for Chris and being like why am I at
this place and then I remember playing
soccer and seeing you sitting on a
cooler talking to Lisa yeah and you
thinking that I was trying to hook up
with Lisa when that wasn't well I
figured you guys were chatting or
something so of course I was like uh-uh
tattoo boy and I remember looking and
seeing the Super Mario 3 tattoo and
being like and well at first I saw the
tattoos as like a like colors I didn't
see like the details of them until I I
actually noticed the big Mario and and I
just had to I had I had to approach the
guy with a Super Mario 3 tattoo
especially because I actually knew who
Super Mario 3 y is like garda you know
and yeah you were the only one who who
thought it was it was fun to be at the
bounce house and I remember Bud Light
Lime so happy we don't drink that oh my
dear buddy of course I remember being
extremely inebriated to the point where
I walked to the stadium by myself and
completely forgot to even say goodbye to
you and you having the right seat maybe
three rows behind me and then walking up
to me and ending up giving me your phone
number and me catching a t-shirt at the
game and trying to give it to you and
you denying me so yeah I remember that
I remember that I also still have the
same t-shirt in my closet five years
later I remember playing that tug of war
game with the footballs and you're
getting so bad well because you cheated
I didn't well no you didn't cheat but
the guy that was in charge of that was
cheating clearly and there's
photographic proof the point is whatever
I'm glad though that we have photographs
of course you have to call a lot of
people don't have that up like in their
relationships that they have photos of
themselves and multiple photos of
themselves on the first day that they
met
okay what what do you love about our
relationship that you're my best friend
angry I love that
we're like weird I love that we're
different yeah we're completely
different I love that we but we
compromise yeah I love that you know
like like we balance each other but I
get like I can be emotional when you're
more crowded or you'll be functional and
I'm more grounded except if we're
watching up well I mean you you have to
be soulless it didn't I hate my job
cannot cry from the first time I that's
and I like that I can joke like that
with with with someone like you yeah
that's what I love
how do you describe me to others
I tell people think of me and think of
the opposite and there you go no I
usually say that you're like um like
this punk guy with all these tattoos
they're all very colorful and then it
usually leads to a follow-up of like
what kind of tattoos does he have are
they dark or this and I'm like there's
super dark they're all Nintendo and
Disney and and superest areas of what do
you say oh there were the complete polar
opposite that you're a theater major
that I pretty much emphasize all of your
achievements that you went so far as to
working at FIU and the place that you're
at now that I pretty much anything that
is going on in your life at that moment
you're the topic because it's so much
easier to talk about something that I
know and that I'm proud of rather than
just making chitchat and small talk
about things that I don't really care
about because I hate a lot of people
that I know thank you
what are you hesitant to tell me nothing
really I've always been open with you
the only thing that was scary for me to
tell you I've already spoken with you
about and that's the internship program
that's it
but we can work through that yeah I
guess it's about the same I think that
like it's not really that I'm hesitant
to tell you it's more like I'm hesitant
to have the conversation because it's a
conversation about you know like what
happens past this moment you know we
like with our relationship it's always
been you know a conscious effort to be
present in today and to like worry about
tomorrow tomorrow and we've built so
much already that one now that adulthood
is rolling in and things are gonna
change and like I'm growing and you're
growing and and we're gonna get to a
point where you know you are gonna start
doing stuff in your field and you are
gonna start like going and touring and
hopefully that's cuz that's what you
want to do and that to me is scary it's
very very scary it's nothing that we
can't work out I agree but it doesn't
make it less scary
where do you think I may fail you where
you may fail me yeah
I don't want to give like a joke answer
I'm like I don't like here to fail me
but I mean if I had to think about I
think I think that it I don't know I
don't think I'll really ever fail me I
don't know if that's the right that
that's a question for how like like if
the question is supposed to be like what
are my future concerns or like what's a
future concern that I would have about
you I think it would be that that I hope
that this is that this path that you're
on for for what you're doing now is
really the path that will make you happy
because it's it's not a real failure -
to me it's only a fail it's a failure to
us if it's not because you know we'll
get to a point where you will have to
make a new choice if that if this isn't
what you want right and you know we're
in this together and and we're gonna
anticipate that kind of tug-of-war
you know you know to try to help the
other get through and and I don't think
it's really that you'll fail if it's I
think I just pray that this is what will
make you happy as as a professional what
you I can't I don't want to answer a
joking but really everything that you've
done you've never failed me and I don't
really see you ever failing me it is but
I'm also really happy
to just carry a question when you think
about it
what is the sexual fantasy you're afraid
to ask me you already know everything
there's nothing that I haven't already
asked for it well I really I want to be
it's funny cuz I don't think I've ever
told you that I have the same fantasy
but in the other way like I want to be
the submissive one okay I do I want to
be I just want to be like taken no I
told him
who has more power in this relationship
you or me I think I do
you're the level-headed one really at
times but anytime that it's time to pay
for pills I'm usually the one on top of
that I think I'm the more like assertive
she's kind of even do you really think
about it yeah because the truth is it's
not really like like that you back down
to me or I back down to you I think
we're just both very like independent
thinkers you know that just made this
decision to compromise we always present
the problems on the table and then we
take it from there yeah and I'm probably
but I'm probably the more like
emotionally driven one so none of my
like like this like this morning this
morning when um when you came in and and
I was like and I was like because I was
taking Lila nothing know that you were
like the you let Lila jump on to the bed
and I was it is but not this morning
this morning it was painful I didn't
sleep at all like Oh last night Lila was
very warm and being hungover as Lila
usually is thankfully because I mean
she's alive you know that question
wait is your turn your turn I just
finished reading it who sacrifices more
in our relationship and how do you feel
about that I feel that I do sometimes
more now because I'm in school and my
work schedule and also that before I was
taking up the second job so you like you
take the most sacrifices at this moment
but not to say that you don't it's more
who has a more inconvenient schedule
well Mack is I think I'm the one who
gives somewhere has most high prices
towards our responsibilities because you
are doing all these things okay and like
you're you are you know with with the
department and then you're in schedule
and you're lucky that's scheduled I
think because my schedule is so much
more kind of like standard now that you
like I since I spend so much more time
alone than I used to
dad and you're off doing something else
it's not like you're off gallivanting
but you are doing something like you're
actively in something and I'm actively
like catching up on once upon time like
which is fun but it is kind of like
isn't it is kind of a sacrifice now
especially with with Lila and and
knowing mentally everything that you've
done and I do you you know she's a happy
dog but she is a responsibility that's
beyond both of ours like like she needs
more from us then then what our
schedules allow us to do sometimes so
I feel like we're so square okay
are you sexually satisfied I could have
more sex I could have all the more sex
okay so you can get on that whenever you
whatever you want I do feel like we
should Hughes that googlies outside yeah
but I agree but do you agree because you
want more sex or you just agree like
more sex is fine no I agree because yeah
more sex I tried it on my calendar
if your biggest secret was a film what
would the title be
regrets from Gainesville
no that would be a misleading I was
gonna say Secret Diary of a call girl
no but then I'm not a call girl so
that's not I got a better one from
Gainesville with love specs you can
sound like you murdered people that is
it my turn yeah thank you dude
what's the pain in me you'd like to heal
I think
you're a distrust about Lake
you've never told me that it was you
know you never told me like the
emotional effect that your father's
absence had on you I think that you know
you've always been very positive about
how your grandfather became that and I
remember when we when we first started
dating and you told me how you changed
how you legally changed your last name
and going through that process at a
young age and like doing it yourself
like I've always admired how like
forthcoming and strong you you you
perceive yourself and how like Punk you
kind of are cuz you just were like fuck
this guy whatever but I think that that
you know a father so especially when you
have a chance to know who he is like if
it wasn't for the fact that you if you
if you'd never known your dad that would
be a different story you would just know
your grandfather and that's it but I
know that you did have some memories
with your dad and that it wasn't very
healthy it wasn't am I wrong mm-hm
I mean it was about a year but then
again who really remembers anything when
you're one years old
but like never like he never talks about
it with your mom it was never we had a
discussion but it wasn't really she just
made sure to say that he's not here and
I'm here and he knows where you are but
he's not making the effort so I took it
as it is it was literally black and
white that if he didn't want to be a
part of my life why would I want to let
him and after all these years I think
that like it did it'd be give it that
stemmed what you have become not in like
a bad way at all no but it definitely
influenced I totally agree because I see
my stepbrothers and stepsisters are like
popping out kids left and right and
doing drugs in and out of jail like
and the only reason I bring that up is
because they still have a connection
with my father so obviously something in
that side of the family wasn't going on
like doing anything good and I try to
stay as clear away from that as possible
I had my opportunity to have a
relationship with my sister when I was
in high school had no interest in it
like you I tried no I tried I tried and
the thing was that it was more of a
drama show and I thought that I was
trying to more take care of her because
she was in one of my classes and she was
pregnant at the time and pretty much the
teach would be picky on her or whatever
it was just a total nightmare
it was everything that you could imagine
that I like someone with no class would
would bring to school like in a way it's
like it makes sense why sometimes you're
more defensive and and stuff like you
become defensive about things that to me
are like of all the all it's so trivial
stuff like it's like it's such a trivial
argument to have and to defend and you
get so about it and I think that it
comes from something that happened to
you before or like a series of things
that happened to you as a kid that I
might not really know about it's more
growing up with Eric everything had I
had to be defensive because any moment
he could snap or my mom could snap so I
didn't really that's why I'm trying to
calm down you know now that I know that
like we're talking about this out loud I
think that if I if there was a hurt that
I would I can fix in you would have been
your
your feelings of abandonment because you
get like that about your friends
like when like like when when Stephanie
or George or like if when when somebody
just like doesn't isn't consistently a
part of your life the way you want them
to be it is your instinct to just like
fuck them forget them they're horrible
people I don't want to be their friend
anymore and I always feel like I have to
pull you back in and be like you gotta
you gotta be sensible you know but you
people are people we're all growing up
we all have our own lives and that
doesn't mean that they don't love you
that doesn't mean no no you know and I
do feel that I think that you like that
you're scared of someone going away but
you'll but you know that you'll be fine
because you know that you can just like
fuck them all like you can just like
move on and I feel like it's okay to
it's okay to let go peacefully instead
of with such like you if they're like
like I'm dramatic but when that's that's
your moment of like fuck this isn't set
the fires to the stuff you know and I
think it could be calmer
is there anything that you think tie
that you would want to fix with me
I can't really think of anything I mean
I was gonna say your relationship with
your dad but you're still actively
seeing your dad but more that you should
see him a little bit more often so he
doesn't have to call you you
and pretty much guilt trip you into
coming in if I was to fix one thing it's
more that I don't feel that your dad has
the right to call you and pretty much
guilt trip you into making you come in
rather than inviting you to a place
because it's two very different things I
mean when he puts your brother and
sister on the phone he's purposely doing
that to bring you closer and it's more
the thing that Jessica and and your dad
are saying the jokes about like that I'm
the one holding you back I'm the one
trying to let you go over there I really
am I'm I'm really conflicted about what
my feelings are toward my it's like
family situation yeah I feel like I try
but like they don't see that they are
just saying that you're coming and going
as you please when they need to realize
that you're an adult now that you have
responsibilities but the they're always
gonna look at you as that teenager
yeah and I've just come to accept that
there's not really a whole lot of like
it doesn't matter how if I get a
master's degree or if I make forty four
thousand dollars a year or have my own
place or have my own dog or I'm engaged
you're always gonna be that little kid I
am and I think like I think that my dad
just feels really guilty about how
I grew up like I feel like he now that
he's older feels more guilty about the
way that we like his involvement in my
life that he couldn't control because he
has he has Olli and Angie now and now
that's like his real opportunity to be a
full-time dad you know and he had I mean
all these oldest but I'm me and holier
like 16 17 years apart you're talking
about a man who sees he sees me as his
child his first child but I know that it
killed him to not be like a father all
the time to me and he just didn't have
his shit together for a really long time
I mean he's a good dad yeah he's a very
good dad but you know sometimes it's
it's hard because like I feel are you
ever gonna have that conversation with
him with what time just pull him aside
it's a conversation I've wanted to have
since I was like 13 years old you know
like so don't you think it's a little
bit overdue it's it's really just
because it's a conversation that would
never be accessible like I could never
go up to my dad and this was this was my
problem a lot at the time when we were
growing up before before Julian and
Angie were born it was like I couldn't
have one-on-one time at all really
rarely would I have one-on-one time with
him that's why me and Jessica always had
like I had one-on-one time with him you
did it's easy just pull him over to the
side you tell Angie and Uli I need to
have a word with dad yeah but he did
that in the course of a liquor trip
I seize the opportunity that's it wasn't
even about going to the liquor store
it was seizing the opportunity to just
get in I feel like now I'm not trying to
defend my actions I'm not proud of the
fact that I haven't had that
conversation I think that in a way
because I guess I see a lot of me in my
dad and a lot of me and my mom but I
know that I'm more like my mom that I
don't want to interfere with with with
the kind of dad that he can be to Angie
no Lee no he wouldn't be changing the
way that he's acting towards them it's
more about and it's not about being
selfish but it's more that you're
finally opening up well yeah but what
I'm saying is like I feel like I'm done
like I feel like like a father is never
done with his daughter or with his child
you know like I feel but I do feel like
and a lot of this has to do with Manny
like I have Manny I have my stepfather
you know and and he filled a lot of the
fatherly void that I didn't get from my
dad when he was building a whole new
family so I don't feel like I'm lacking
in a parental figure like I don't feel
like I feel like I have that that bad
already like I get something from Manny
and I get something from my father I
just don't want you to feel that you're
holding back anything
what are you worried could end our
relationship
jealousy and I don't think that I'd give
you any reason to think that there are
times that whenever I make friends that
are girls you automatically assume that
I'm attracted to them and even though
they might be attractive it doesn't
necessarily mean that I'm going to go
out of my way and do anything with them
because as I stated before I have more
invested on the inside then for me to go
out and have one night of fun and ruin
all of that for everything that I've
built up well you know I do I'm the same
threat as you think that would be so you
know I think it's cool how opposite we
are but I also am realistic and the fact
that we are that opposite and that our
interests are so different that um I
can't help be concerned in some ways
when you when there is a girl who sort
of looks similar to me physically but
does have all the tattoos and does
listen to Alkaline Trio and does know
every blink-182 lyric or knows how to
play all the like you can she can beat
you at Excitebike and whip your ass and
Smash Brothers and I can only go so far
and invest time into learning how to do
all these properly but at the end of the
day it's like I can I it's it does make
me feel a little insecure and I know
that it's my thing it's nothing you're
giving me you're not giving me anything
that's telling me that I should feel
that way but I see them and then I and I
see like how could he not like I think
she's beautiful and she does have the
balls to cover her arms and sleeves she
does have the balls to like get in the
mosh
and fucking get duped in the face and
like comes out bloody
oh you know I can't do that because like
you know cuz I'm Christian and and I
feel like there's gonna like my fear is
really that there's gonna come a point
where you'll be bored with with with it
like this when you know that people who
are more attracted to things that you
like exist because of you five years ago
I didn't know what I was doing with my
life
you pretty much let me open up the doors
to FIU and showed me what I want to do
so I have you to thank for that so for
you to think that I'm ever gonna get
bored is ridiculous
didn't who loves whom or in this
relationship I think it goes like this
yeah I think when I like when when you
love me the most is when I'm like God
when I love you the most really I don't
know if that means anything
does that mean something no that's
understandable
when you're asking for hugs and I just
don't want to be held
let me hold at that time well I do
I know hence I give you a half ass ugh
yeah my favorite thing you still get the
hug I'm glad I'm glad no I'm not I want
a hug because I want a hug I want a hug
and I need the hug
what would you do if I cheated on you
any other situation I would up and leave
especially since we wouldn't be living
together at that time but I have way too
much invested here I would want to know
exactly why it was that drove you to
that because obviously I did something
wrong to not make you happy enough to go
look elsewhere so it's more that we
would have to look at each other and try
to fix this because we have way too much
for us to just throw it away
I can't just look at you like any other
person out on the street I think that if
she cheated on me I would be like it
would it would just stimulate the
insecurities that I already have and I
would just be horrified I think that my
instinct would be like the way that you
are like just fuck you for this and
don't break something and found cry for
like six months suck I think it would
even it would hurt more mostly because
we are like engaged and we're supposed
to have this life and please so I won't
I won't do it if you don't do it well I
won't do it even if you did do it but
in the back of your mind do you think
I'll leave you I mean I feel that way
when I get when I when I when I know
that I'm getting like super annoying you
know like but you're obviously being
super annoying but I'm still around yeah
I feel like even if I even if I like
pushed you to your limit that you
wouldn't leave me and I and that's scary
to not because I'm I I hope I'm not a
psychotic person who you know pushes you
but yeah I don't I don't know I don't
think so I think you would if I didn't
get my act together and I was just not
doing anything with my life like if I
decided to just stop going to school and
then just working its and not being
motivated cuz you seem like you would
want someone to mow to push to push you
and for you to push back and if I wasn't
to do that then yeah but I have no
intentions of that
what would what would make you leave me
I guess follow what would make you leave
me
you're treating more than once because
obviously if you did it once and we
tried fixing it and you did it again
then you obviously don't care and I feel
that I would be wasting my time and
you'd be wasting yours
I'm still like baffled at the fact that
you would even forgive me for a cheat oh
no it would take it would take a while
but that's like that's insane
I'm not saying like oh yeah I got a pass
it's just crazy
I know what I'm just surprised that
that's even like that I think yeah I
think that if you were to have like I
think that if you were to kind of give
up on yourself and and
yeah and stop pushing or stop trying or
at least if you didn't have the ambition
for something big then yeah I think that
would be my straw like if it was
consistently unambitious and you just
like it would it would it would really
dampen my ability to say with you
if you could change one thing about me
what would it be your insecurities yeah
pretty much you always just thinking
that you're not as good as you should or
that you really are I mean like this
goes back to the jealousy thing like
there's no reason for me to look that
way when I have you in front of me I
think I could change anything it would
be I wish that you were more curious
that's to like like curious about cuz
like curious about like new foods and
curious about I mean we're going to new
places next weekend so yeah but the new
places are in the same place you know
what I'm saying I feel like I it would
be cool because I'm so curious about
everything if you were as curious as I
was and was like yeah Lee it was totally
just like camp and mount beachy and like
roast marshmallows on top of the volcano
and I'm like help starving children and
ride bikes into the ocean or something
you know like dreamy I wish you were
probably more dreamy and not so like cut
and dry like if I don't want to go
places I'm gonna go to Tokyo and then if
I go to Tokyo we're gonna go to Tokyo
DisneySea and if we go to Paris flying
over I mean we're in the neighborhood I
mean but there's so much more to see
that doesn't mean that
we're not gonna be seeing everything
else but we just have to see everything
else but I mean like we can go to like I
want to go to Panama and you're like no
and you're from Panama why wouldn't you
take me to Panama I haven't been there
in years
well yours can be now see that's what I
would change I would change that that I
will that you were more like me and like
excited about going to to try something
new try new things it's just I don't
want to try go into Panama
this year I'm traveling
I'm trying new things yeah a lot more
talk about everything absurd with that
we're on the last one anyway why do you
love me I love you because above all
like you're you mean so well like your
your heart is more important like your
heart is bigger than you let people
think it is and from from day one I knew
that I will never forget no from date to
no date one date well not day one date
one like when I remember forget sitting
in front of you as I'm filling out job
applications and don't well the second
time that we saw each other yeah date
one yeah and I remember sitting and you
wearing the Super Mario shirt and
telling me that you wanted to that you
believed in being positive and and that
you know what's the point in in not
seeing the world this way when there
when there's so much other bad stuff and
and it wasn't like what you said was
like super out of this world it was just
the way that you said it and the
sincerity that you felt and how
outrageously different it was to hear
from cuz it wasn't what I was expecting
when I went on a date with you I really
didn't think okay well I'm gonna marry
this tattooed dude who wanted to jump in
the bounce house I thought wow like
but then when you said when you started
saying like I'm gonna I want to do all
this and this is and and and this is how
I feel about the world and this is how I
feel about me and this is how I feel
about my future it took me back like it
took me aback and it hasn't stopped
taking me back
cuz no matter how hard you think you are
you always put everyone else in front of
you you always put everything else in
front of you
like before you is it's me or your
parents and your grandparents
god bless the way that you are with them
and that's what I love I love that
inside you're probably one of the best
humans I'll ever know and I'm lucky cuz
I'm gonna marry you you pretty much
complete me
I know a lot of people say that usually
but I can't I can't mean it anymore when
I come home to you it's pretty much I
finally get to relax and I'm happy any
other part of the day before I see you
isn't as great as when I see you
you give me a reason to come home and
you're my best friend stop it not
watching up this isn't allowed
