I gotta get this guy to stop
thinking I really won't
[Laughter]
when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember I remember that
the first date was not great that's
right it was good but it wasn't great
you were in a suit that did not fit you
very well that's right it was really
large pretty awkward you're actually you
weren't very awkward you were just you
weren't comfortable so I think I that I
also then you were so excited to go to
still argue that was good but then I
left that date to go on a different date
and that date was not as good meeting
friends with girlfriends
more specifically typically no I'm not
leaving you
your first date to go on another first
date but that's what I did he sucked
I'm never his name I remember he worked
for like a hedge fund or something no
you were first startup he's a start-up
guy whatever it doesn't matter cuz I
don't know his name and I thought at the
end of the first date I was like you
know what I don't know if this will be a
match but at least we both love great
food and I need a really good restaurant
buddy and so we're gonna go and find
amazing food that was my goal what was
your
I feel like at the end of the first date
how this shit I just felt like I had a
good time and at that point I had no
particular expectations many of the
dates that I was going on it was like of
course me and our show together so I had
a stable relationship and was bonus as
opposed to being right but have you been
on many dates at that point probably not
nearly as many as afterwards yeah so it
wasn't like oh my god I finally found a
girl who will go on a date with me oh it
was I think I think the fact that you
messaged me versus like versus vice
versa
probably gave me more hope because I
feel like every time was dude girl
stepping up to me rather than the ones
where I step up to them right
but you had messaged me but that was a
year before and I didn't reply to him I
said I didn't like your photos actually
I can't say it was wrong because it
wasn't that I was ready to meet you a
year previous probably clean everything
so I had to go on my slut arc to meet
you at the bottom sure what's your
favorite thing about me in all
seriousness my favorite thing about you
is the fact that you intellectual
like don't get me wrong like I think
you're pretty and I love the sex we have
and there's a ton of things that are
great about you but like the fact that
you actually offer me interesting
conversation and forced me to rethink
perspective is far more valuable to me
than any one of those other things I
agree that's a good answer
let's see I think it's pretty similar I
think it's I think it has yeah I think
it's pretty similar because I'm always
looking for people that push me and you
push me actually you push me physically
you push me intellectually you push me
in you know how I think about things and
and like we did a Tough Mudder together
and I hadn't run a 5k and then you're
like let's go on a 12-mile obstacle
course and fall off a multi-story
building into a pond and get
electrocuted in the mind like okay but
we did that and then I should need a
Burning Man you had no idea what was
gonna happen at Burning Man but you were
like okay and so having that amount of
trust and faith in the other person I
think is really really my favorite thing
about you is that I know that I'm
completely safe and supported at the
same time and so we can do really really
interesting Thanks I can't yeah okay I
can't say that like I can't say I would
never imagine that scuba diving
certified it's like an exercise interest
like hello person I might die underwater
and then you have to rescue me
let's practice I just hope your turn
good at flashcards what do you love
about our relationship
interesting I don't know I have whole
matrix of things all right high level
high level goes back to being challenged
challenging each other and then next
level I think comes out of love and
trust and security and I think it's a
challenge so the interesting thing about
challenge to each other is that there's
things we do together yeah just like
what I said the things we do together
but I wouldn't have done otherwise
that's really neat to know climb a
mountain higher than you'll ever live by
yourself because the other person's they
are climbing with you and you're like
alright well if they can do it then I
can do it and that we kind of push each
other to succeed that way is my favorite
part
that's right to me I think that we I
think the thing maybe the way I would
say it is that like I really like I love
about our relationship that I feel like
you're trying to push me to be the best
me I can be receptive to the same yeah I
love it autumn is just like holding each
other accountable like it's really easy
to say I want to do this in five years
it's really hard to do that unless
there's someone checking in and being
like so how are you gonna get that done
in five years if haven't started yet so
it's good just to have that checkpoint
sure I think I think I value the
partnership just as much not gonna like
you if you keep rubbing your microphone
when do you feel closest to me besides
when I fuck you in the ass I think I
feel closest to you more relaxed came in
through the window
vacations we're so good at vacation do
what I do believe we can come back have
a nap have more sex go do another
activity they come back and have sex and
go to sleep
that is awesome vacation how am I going
to tell you man we did enter therapy
really quick here
[Music]
now we don't have a lot of things like
that that's really interesting that's
like way I think I think it's really I
think what's difficult color that I
hesitate about is what are the next
steps in a relationship like that
because we're not a big fan of
traditional marriage vows and so there's
a lot of there's like you start dating
and then you move in with each other and
then you get married and it's like
they're supposed to be this progression
and that's not going to be our
progression but I still feel that
outside pressure to look like I'm having
that progression you're saying I think I
was hesitant to you know like we moved
into each other and then we moved out so
it seemed like we were going back a step
and so I guess I'm hesitant to figure
out how do you I don't I don't know how
you progress this or if there is I
progressed to figure think I at first I
was I was like where it is what I think
of it is like probably attaching too
much the question is like I'm not
anything anymore right I mean I think
that there are moments of jealousy about
other partners or stuff like that that
hit me and that I struggle with because
I want deeply to feel as happy for you
as you know you seem to feel for me all
the time yeah so that's maybe something
I struggle with talking about because I
feel that I'm it's like a character
weakness that I'm revealing about myself
I don't feel worried about telling you
stuff I think I was hesitant to tell you
to break up with one of the girls once
but she was a nightmare and you knew you
had to break up with her anyway
sure but I hesitated because I didn't
want to be that wasn't my call to make
that was your call to make whether or
not you were gonna spend time with this
person but you made the right decisions
[Laughter]
that might be true because I would just
see how miserable you were interacting
with her yeah there was no rescuing that
[Laughter]
if you could change one thing in our
relationship what would it be and why
therapy questions right if I could
change one thing in our relationship I
would maybe this is dodging the question
so like I'll answer if you think it is
but I would empower you to not feel as
call it judged by not by things like not
getting in the school to you but you
take it harder than you should
that's not our relationship that's
something you change about me okay
it's hard it's hard the moment to just
like randomly summon was what's true you
starting the answer and let me ponder
well there's logistical thing he's like
I wish you didn't have to wake up as
early in the morning I think oh sure
that's again that's not really it
affects our relationships would I have
to go to bed at 10 o'clock episodes you
being upset by yeah I feel there's
probably an answer this question that
I'm just not summoning right now
maybe I would for morale for maybe I
would have there's a degree of I just
want to pay happier we do fine and
there's probably just like a utility
thing I might you like to be the most of
something it's just part of the fun when
it came to even choose the apartment I
live it it's just super competitive
nature ya know like we have to have the
most parties this somewhere in case we
don't have that apartment the most
parties I think the reason why we work
is because the answer that question
traits off and I think when there's one
power dynamic that can rapidly become
one-sided or one person always feels
like there's a trade-off I think the
fact that we have alternative sex trades
off the parish I'm very sure yeah I
think it's also that it's not all about
I think we both bring an equal amount of
things to relationship but you know it's
not all about always entertaining your
friends are always entertaining my
it's like we trade that off or it's not
all about your career or my career
there's a lot of we talk about both
things equally or whatever we value both
equally I think that if you netted out
you might say that mostly we're even but
there's probably some shift that you
think exists where you think you could
well there's different things that you
and I are better at but it's not that's
the thing yeah great and rather than
looking at this like I have to be as
good as you at everything you look at it
more like more as if you can either play
compliments or guardrail each other and
the stuff that you're bad at right it's
not about like I'm the best driver so
I'm always gonna drive or you're the
best driver it's like nah I Drive in the
city and you drive in the country we are
selectively that's the best medium I
think we're super I think we're super
logical about a lot of things and that
means there's not it's not about a Power
Balance necessarily like if I had the if
I had argue you probably have
but I would argue you have more
emotional power over me
I certainly have more like physical
power in the relationship but that
doesn't really sway me like if it
doesn't matter yes you can hold me down
I'd have to tie you up
I said school oh fiscal
[Laughter]
you
am I the best sex you've ever had yes
you're more experimental than I have
girl ever had not every attribute of
what we do together is the absolute Beth
but like the total package is easily the
best yes I agree no at first it wasn't
because I was seven years in a previous
relationship and the sex that you can
build and that is would surpass what we
did but say like eight months in it was
the best sex I ever had I stayed in that
relation forever that always that that
gave me a lot of the insecurities that I
have had have about our relationship is
the fact that you index yes
not every single thing that we do
together is the best thing that I've
ever had in that category but I've had
girls that have given me better head
than you mal in particular is just
exceptional that's the thing I'm and
it's fine
I think it's just that I need to give
you like more clear about what like I'm
not really reluctant to do that thing
but in the moment stop that do it this
yeah I mean I think our sex Alice yeah
doubling the best but it wasn't at the
beginning so that's okay there's a
learning period there's a ramp up time
we had to try on things I think sure I
like that we keep adding new things so I
think that's the best part about that
goes back to the pushing each other
thing yeah I think it's also the best
part about having other partners here
and there is like because it's like and
I think sex can get I think when I when
I was in high school first discovered
sex like it wasn't as much about okay
sex is just this action so it's like all
right let's do it weird places because
that's as creative as we could get it
like let's go to the park it has tank
boat add things glad you've moved past
that too much as much as outdoors is
great outdoors right now is not do we
have enough sex yes just there oh shit
how much more should we do to put you in
this firmly satisfied capable category
because I want to rise to the occasion I
want to make sure that we're in me like
firmly satisfied in category I I figured
like the average of eight to ten times a
week would be sufficient but I am okay
with more
I think it is I think scheduling would
not allow more no we would prefer to be
fucking at least twice a day sure
so if you want this tally to rise to 14
I just got to build more time in onset
if there was some act that you'd like to
try but we're afraid is there some act
you'd like to try boo you're afraid
would freak me out
no and I'm pretty sure anything I want
to try you would give a shot I'll answer
a slightly different question and say
that okay it I wish although I'm not
actually particularly sad about the fact
that you don't like pain which means
that I can't I can't do all the things I
like to do but yeah that's part of
having multiple partners anyway yeah I
think when I took you to a sex party on
our tenth date it's like okay we pull
this out on the 10th day
the trajectory it's my turn why aren't
we living together
the answer is we basically are but
double the price am i right so that
doesn't mean anything
we need the storage space that that I
believe that's why we don't but that's
why we have separate apartments and I
think the honest answer right now is
more we're waiting to see what happens
with schools and potential new job
yeah that'll decide where the fuck if
you go if you get into Yale or you come
work at the same place I work that we're
getting a fucking crash pad and
Connecticut fuck this shit I also love
my roommate sure why am I your primary
partner we gotta figure out better words
for a primary partner it's convenient
but I don't you you actually were the
one you didn't like the word originally
and it made me think about it long it's
not a great word so the answer the
reason I put you rather than digress on
sorry I think was to like your first for
me because you are the partner whom I
trust the most and the partner whom I
think will push me the most and the one
who I connect with deepest yeah that's
that is what the differentiate like
you're the person I would want to move
with me to another state you are the
best way for and I've ever had that's
good as much as I like Jack as a person
why did you get jealous last time and
how did you feel so the last time I was
jealous was when this is maybe a year
ago and you were being militant about us
going to bed at 10 o'clock and if I
wasn't in bed by 10 o'clock I was not
gonna get laid and that happened but I
had known that that we previous or
something that you'd gone out on a date
and you had fucked her after 10 o'clock
it was a de broglie's unfair
I couldn't get laid after 10 o'clock but
first date girls I don't know if she was
a first date but other girl kind so that
definitely happened and I think at the
time I mean I still think this is true I
argued but rather I think at the time
and I think this still holds water
rather like a if I don't like I can't I
can only see some of these people like
once a month and B that was way early on
of my adjustment from working from home
and waking up at 8 a.m. if I wanted to
versus working in Connecticut and having
to wake up at 6 every day so it was very
much early in that thing but to answer
my side of the question
I get jealous because I'm insecure about
it about the relationship sometimes I
could jealous because I feel like you
have especially early on articulated
like a set of things that made the
relationship great and I felt like that
was a set of things that could be
eclipsed by another person without like
and so I felt like there's an insecurity
around you going out with
that I feel it's one of those things
that I feel like I just had to work
through because honestly like the higher
part of me just feels conversion for you
and I just want I want that thing to be
the thing and not I want to eliminate
the jealousy part and I think that I got
to work through that not not restrict
you in response or trying to negate it
in some stupid way like that I think
well when we take people together I feel
like there's a reason for sure jealousy
it's not like I know this prick I so for
me like the unknown is is more difficult
than the known so if I if you talk about
a girl and she's great she's lovable ah
she's blah blah and I can be like
interesting but then when I meet her and
all becomes real I'm like I got this
shit don't because I think I'm the best
girlfriend but I have a huge sense of
fairness and what what's fair in a
relationship that's fair I why you were
acting fairly it's just but then when I
feel like because there are only are
only finite resources time so it really
just comes down to time and how we spend
our time together
and and if I feel like we're getting the
time we need together then why in the
world would I care how you spend your
time you know within safety and like I
understand good practices and don't go
out murder people in your spare time but
if we if we're doing well and we have a
good time together and we what we have
is working
very slightly at what point did you
realize you wanted to get a secondary
partner when I started you were the
first time though to be fair you were
the first time that I found a girl that
I wanted to date as much as I wanted to
date now and that was that that is I
think in a lot of ways the fantasy I
don't know if it's it never really it
doesn't say it hasn't seen to of
materialized very well but that is the
fantasy for me it's like a third ideally
the third that like both of us share but
you know at least a third that I really
care about and want and feel as much of
a connection to as you put yeah the
first time I ever like really wanted a
secondary so to speak like a meaningful
secondary was when I started dating you
now I guess before that we we certainly
had other partners yeah I believe in
this secondary bullshit no that's not I
don't think that I don't when did you
realize you wanted more than one what to
date or the one person at once
Oh with you early attempts at it weren't
I think they came from you know the last
time that I really thought about it was
when I wanted my partner and it's to get
a secondary so hopefully he would fall
in love with that secondary and leave me
Zack was too chickenshit to break up
with them oh I was I was looking for
secondaries as a way out that's fine as
well so I don't have a good it's being
bisexual and been wanting to have
relationship with a woman and there's no
way you would ever be that relationship
because you're not a woman and so there
was also just having something you you
took you take him to Vegas and then they
all fucking pissed off and leave me and
I'm like what the hell I probably
wouldn't I don't know Kate or someone
else what was her name this
twenty-something that Charlie was
waiting just probably had a Disney
Princess name knowing what kind of
family do you with everything the one so
I want to have this and then I want to
have amazing friends which we have
so I want to continue to build out our
network of friends who hopefully a
portion of will be sexy friends and that
is my philosophy on relation I would
like a bunch of awesome people with my
life
it's only because you're becoming
friends with my co-workers that you have
any significant proportion of friends
that you haven't slept with to express
myself sexually doesn't involve kids I
want to be a cool godparent or uncle
something like that but I don't want I
don't want the kids myself
I want to pets eventually can have a
farm cat those crazy dog parents or
[Music]
guardrail me Oh easy meadow are we
talking about actual dogs are you
talking about some kind of sub living
slave child I would treat them as a maid
if that's loyal slave we can keep them
in a dog cage it doesn't matter I've
kept girls in puppy cages why does this
type of structure work for you because
it forces me to constantly be thinking
about a relationship forces me to
constantly be evaluating what's true and
what's best for the two of us that's the
major Delta between this and other
relationships other thing or monogamous
relationship type thing yeah I think it
does the I constantly challenges you to
improve or at least re-examine the
contents of your relationship because
there are other relationships out
there and they're not figments
impossible there's like you can have
other real relationships out there yeah
and I think this also kind of renders
how inconsequential individual things
that you might over overweight if you
didn't have the freedom to explore goes
back to your grass is greener comment
like maybe the grass is greener in some
area like maybe you know for sake of
argument maybe your secretary is younger
or hot or whatever so you go do that
thing and then you're like ah but
they're actually really fucking boring
so you come back because there's a much
larger structure associated a whole
bunch of dimensions and so much you've
built with a partner yeah I think this
structure works for me because you I
want to be I want to have the freedom to
express my love physically and that
sounds really corny but that is really
that or even just not even my love
physically but like my lover insists
that one's a clear whatever you know
like you don't want to I don't want to
be in a sexual situation or actually you
know actually take facts out of it in a
in a platonic friendship where you feel
like I can't I can't tear for this human
being because I'm supposed to care for
this one instead sure or I can't kiss
this person cuz I'm only supposed to
kiss this person or he has sex with this
person because this other person owns my
body and all my sexual feelings and all
of my all of all the things I like and
respect about other hey maybe even that
is just fucking crazy to think that you
can own someone's body and mind and
spirit it's ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous to me I agree with you it's
okay
[Laughter]
and I think I think the idea of strict
monogamy is actually a newer idea sure I
think that we as humans have not been
strictly monogamous for nearly as long
as we think you know
you're hitting a topic that we dislike
it's hard to have a deep conversation is
really just women getting the permission
to have more than one relationship
because men had that permission for
thousands of years up until a certain
point at which point women were suddenly
encouraged to fight back yeah and then
and now this is the return of feminism
in his now relationship I hope I hope
it's I'm like whatever you want to call
it a five-year commitment ceremony or
what not it we have one like our like
our friends who have had one in which
they just are having a party with all
they're all there's like friends all
their sexy friends I like I hope that
there is an after party thank you
how is sex different with your other
partners than it is with me or any more
hesitant and more complicated and
there's a lot more second-guessing and I
have to give a lot more feedback and I
can't just be like you don't try it's
like you just don't have that really
really honest honest relationship try
like you would just move 5 centimeters
to the left to bossy or make them feel
like they're doing a bad job interesting
I would have said I would have taken a
I mean I agree with the thing you said
that sex with other people is more
awkward I would also have said that like
I think there's just literal things that
I do with other partners that I don't do
with you some some of which probably
just cuz I haven't explored up with you
some of which goes there into specific
things but that it like that's the way
sex is really different there's
literally just different acts that get
done in different places you watched a
guy massage me and you're like oh you
like to be massaged like yes how did we
not have this conversation the first two
years of our relationship and then bone
it just works out perfectly for me this
is like and I think there's people up to
a completely different style or they're
do they're into something different and
and you try that and you're like I think
you get into a rut when you don't have
outside input and outside ideas whether
that idea is like I saw someone do
something or about something but I think
it gets stale really quickly
you
what you get from other partners that
you don't get from me specifically with
Amanda I think that there is a degree of
like ridiculous you ready what do you
get from other partners that you don't
get from me
the one thing I can think of is with
Amanda I get a ridiculous amount of just
like she wants me in like I don't get me
wrong like you want me and and hers is
just this ridiculously like she doesn't
understand she hasn't dealt with it with
any other people so this unrestrained
unquenchable I don't know
thing and then that's that that like to
the point where it causes her to ignore
the like core things about the way she
lived you know to pursue that that's the
only thing there's like a degree of
validation I think you know to go so far
in your life saying no no no and to be
the guy got her to say yes it's pretty
awesome I thought you were gonna say
that you don't get the pain play alright
there's that thing but I think we've
already been over that thing repeatedly
at the end of the day I think if I
really wanted you to do it you would you
would at least acquiesce to some extent
to me now but that's the the thing I'm
trying to describe
is the thing outside the sex I think
yeah yeah no I think that is maybe
that's why I like watching you guys fuck
because it is like super hot and
passionate she's wild untamed like give
this girl two drinks I kind of see what
happened she would have gotten all
flustered so I think well when I'm
dating a girl I get a vagina which I
don't get from you right in a way I
don't know how that is
I think I just get a different
perspective on things and in her
backstory and sometimes a different
skillset and then different passions
true there's nothing like consistent
then I go around looking for well yeah I
think it's gonna vary person to person
like there's no like oh I know exactly
what I'm gonna get from other people
that I'm not gonna get you guys
I mean aside from a novelty like
obviously every new person has novelty
associated with them for some period of
time
[Laughter]
seriously though because we're thank you
that's the real answer cuz I wanna I
want to dink I don't
kids don't make you happier but every
parent will tell you they do yeah I do
feel obligated to help the next
generation in some way so I'm gonna
that's why I want to be an awesome God
basher yeah like mentor I was mentoring
college kids at school so we don't end
up in a world like it yeah Chrissy I
don't think it's necessarily in range of
that thing so I plan on being with you
for as long as man ik so that's not my
answer right there that I recognize that
I really give you the truth yeah no I
really should and and you know when I
hate I think the bar for romanticism is
so high and that I'm supposed to say to
you like I love you more than life
itself
I'd die for you and we're gonna be
together until one of us is dead and
that's supposed to be super hot I would
rather say you're the most important
person in my life and there's nothing I
can imagine in the future changing that
so we're so pragmatic
I just think that you're using right I
just think that there's a I mean there's
a reality and the reality is for some
period of time which might be a year or
a hundred years or a thousand or
whatever
sciences technology expander lives to be
we're gonna be good for each other
and as long as as long as that's true
I'd want to stay together like and I
imagine even the way we stay together
good shit
over time it could mutate but that
doesn't change the fact that as long as
there's something good here I'd want
that to be true
I'd want this to be no if I could just
stop worrying about unknown really just
say you know here we are 18 and I know
exactly who I am and will always be and
I want you to be exactly who you are and
like the couples we don't grow together
they don't change together and then all
of a sudden they get to 27 and they're
like oh my god you know we have to get a
divorce it's not working and it's like
well duh oh you who you wanted to be
with at 18 is may be completely
different from who you want to be with a
27 I'm just glad that we got our
practice relationships before meeting
each other that's practiced well and
accept that everything everything
do you want to ask me anything
plus one thing we can do - what's one
thing we can do that would make our
relationship better get more vacation
time in our next contract negotiation I
think I have to get back on track about
getting us out of town once a weekend
the guest stars work out how we work
with a guest star if boi unicorns exist
not a boy unicorn I think I have to get
unstuck career-wise so that we can plan
the next couple of years what are your
parents think of our relationship my
parents relationship they're really
happy that I'm happy they think you're
really sweet I think that there's a to
be honest I don't really know my dad
things because it's about as he's opaque
to me in many ways and it's only as a
result of mom telling me what he thinks
that I ever learned but I think that I
think that they in some ways probably
struggle in the sense that it's
non-traditional and thus they're not as
familiar / able to process it the same
way but I think mostly my parents are
like really happy
and I found someone that I cared about
who obviously cares about me
I have no idea what your parents think
of me they like you they like you a lot
actually my grandmother loves ya well
yeah I think I made I think I made a
super good impression grandparents but
your Corinth I can't tell I don't know
you well enough to make any sort of
really I mean I think they're like your
parents so they're like I like that you
like her I don't know you very well I've
spent a couple hours with you that you
seem alright and you're a lot less crazy
than my last boyfriend so that's good if
I hit that point where I start getting
that's crazy as Benny you should tell me
that we should talk about that far
before I hit maybe try and fix the
problem as opposed to letting me slide
in the madness I'm not saying it's your
fault