so first question describe your first
impression of me when I really saw you
for the first time I thought this guy's
really handsome and I told her she looks
first and I said that I would like to
talk to you and that I would like him to
introduce me to you and then he did and
I told you that I heard a lot about you
which wasn't necessarily true because I
hadn't heard that much about you but
every want to start a conversation and
you know yeah you know where that went
so that was like at so did you also
blend this in advance
I know I've learned a lot of things in
advance I didn't plan this
[Laughter]
when do you feel closest to me
I think I'll feel feel closest to you
when we have nice long talks but about
us basically mainly and when we really
feel like we learn something from each
other every time we we have that's that
makes me feel most closest to you
describe how you feel of how you think I
feel when you're with the other partner
I think you feel quite happy because
it's usually when we split up our time
is because you're busy doing something
else and we have a night together and I
think you're happy that we're happy
because you don't just love me as your
partner but you love Phoenix as your
friend as well so I think it actually
makes you happier knowing that we are
together somewhere else then if I would
be alone at home
when do you get jealous of me being with
others I I get jealous when when it's
something that that wasn't agreed upon
in first place like for instance with if
I know something or if like if you come
to do something with my three legs and
that will never make me jealous in any
way with if you certain at a certain
point start doing these things with
other people that yeah we haven't talked
about or haven't haven't agreed upon
then then that will probably make me
feel quite jealous does that happen now
at any time No
do we have enough sex I don't think I'm
ever happy with any amount of sex but
that's mostly because we can't be
together every day all the time but for
the time we spend together I think we
have more than enough sex
what would make you leave me I think I
would leave you if you would really
completely break my back my trust or
agreements we've made in this in this
relationship
I think especially since there's so much
emphasis on these agreements to make
everything work as it's working well now
then it would be yeah for me really hard
to to get by to get past a point we have
yeah Trust is such a huge broken know
everything else with it
yeah exactly but I think that what holds
for any any serious relationship yeah if
you think that I think it's necessarily
because of what we have or little bit
triad we have yeah yeah
I wouldn't break you transparently I
wouldn't break your trust by the way I
don't know if there was one thing as I
still don't understand about you what is
it
apparently I think you understand a lot
but I'm I'm gonna come up with something
I don't think so maybe there's not
something you don't understand but it's
something I'm scared that you don't
believe that this is true and that's
that although I get anxious at times and
I get I may seem really weak and I'm
still a really strong person and I know
for example it Felix
often says that to me like I know you
were really starting a strong person
you're such a strong woman and a really
happy that you are and I don't think you
necessarily see that enough and I tried
to show you that but it's really hard to
and maybe that's not something you don't
understand because I think on some on a
meta level you actually understand that
I am strong with you maybe you don't
really feel or see it enough what makes
you think that I don't you're mostly
that you've never communicated it to me
yeah I need a lot of recognition and a
lot of words any words yeah and when
that's not there I'm scared that you
might not understand that that's
actually how I think or how I see myself
and maybe it's not true but then you
should also
tell me no I do think I see I see you as
a very strong person and yeah it's
something like you just described
happens I don't think that that any any
less of you because that's less strong
because if you you could think she said
that's something it's not really
something you don't control by being a
strong person it's just it's something I
try to control baby yeah all the time
yeah like you'd like a depression for
instance you control it it's not
something that's part of my personality
mm-hmm and sometimes I'm afraid that you
don't really see that that you see it
has two connected parts of me yeah the
depressed part and the rest of my
personality but I think that the rest of
it is 99% and that the depression is
maybe some part of me but something and
something that's probably always gonna
be there what's something that you know
could be taken care of and a big part of
taking care of that is being loved for
who you are and not for some something
extra that's there because it's for me
to me it's still just an illness yeah
well we digress
my turn
yes tell me about the time I
disappointed you and how do you feel
about it now
I think I'm I think the time that I was
at this point it was when I when I asked
you to help me with the small drilling
thing and thought it was less important
well I meant something for me to ever
done I also understand that you in that
case yeah just something completely
different on your mind that we were
going out and I wanted to squeeze it in
between I understand that would have
disturbed your sense of fear about going
to have a nice night and it's nice yeah
I feel bad about it
what change would you make to improve
our sex life I won't want you to I know
it's difficult for you because we talk
about it all the same it were really
we've had huge progress over the past
months but I would it would mean so much
to me and I know it would mean the same
to you if you could completely let
yourself go like I do
mm-hm and I I'm not afraid to let myself
go right oh and I don't think you are
either
but I I really hope you're gonna make an
experience that in the next couple of
weeks or months and that we're gonna get
there at some point so yeah I would I
would change that you could completely
let yourself go that's a great part of
of sex for you as well yeah I think
that's something we could really enjoy
together I think we're almost there
what's your question you always wanted
to ask me
what is for you Dardis part of our
relationship and with the three of us
with Felix also my time yeah there's
there's nothing physical or emotional or
that that doesn't feel right to me but
sometimes I feel horrible for having to
schedule so much and not do anything
spontaneous because we have to split up
our time and we also have our jobs and
our studies and other social activities
because all three of us are really
social and have a lot of friends and we
want to see those people too and then
the four years for you and for Felix you
just have your girlfriend the both of
you and I need to squeeze in all that
time and ask me time for myself as well
and that's that's the hardest part by
far I can't even come up with anything
else that I'm not happy with about this
and I'm in a really happy place with the
three of us but sometimes I would want
an extra day a week to spend with you or
with a lake so it switches every week
it's more time so you think we could
learn and if we could spend more time
together I think we would learn a lot
more and we'd be just that little bit
less do you feel that's a trade-off
you're making by having two
relationships sometimes it does feel
like spending time with you means less
time in Felix and spending time with
Phyllis means less time with you and
then there's the nights that you say oh
I want some time for myself and then I'm
like oh good I can go to see feelings in
minutes
so this is rather practical concentrate
it's absolutely named harness emotional
fire if I have to
[Music]
I don't think it's I don't think it's
anything internal to our relationship I
think is mostly people I would sign our
relationship who don't understand or you
see everything wrong no which is not a
problem at all at all because it's not
no it's not normative sometimes I just
like people not to look at us like it's
weird even when they're even when their
reaction is really positive sometimes
that can be assaulting - or yeah I don't
want everyone to high-five me and I
don't want to everyone to come up to me
and ask me questions and I know and I'm
I don't mind being the poster child for
polyamorous relationships but so some
days you just want people to accept it
and not worry about it so much or think
that it's a it's a free card to get in
on our personal messes like people
asking well how's that gonna be when
you're older and you're gonna have
children you don't ask that to two
people who are in the relationship just
so why tell us cuz wait the three of us
yeah
that's something that is it yeah nothing
for another the like like last example
what my children if you yeah because
it's it's different people are yeah
easier I don't know why but they're
easier to do these kinds of questions
because of course it's more interesting
[Laughter]
and it wants to answer everyone's
questions just not every day at every
party at every social gathering yeah
yeah I'm also I think I've some of the
same feelings about it like that
sometimes are afraid that people do our
produces okay
I have a produces about it and I think
it's maybe relationship can't be equal
but that's not true sometimes I think I
think we have between us between Felix
and with the three of us we have one of
the most equal relationships I know yeah
like nothing is a problem and everything
is so communicative and I don't see why
people think being with the three of you
would make it less cool it actually
makes it more equal what's the greatest
lesson I taught you I think the greatest
for me or at least what what meant most
for me is that you really convinced me
it's okay to be open really share every
feeling that that I have with you or
with people in general that's especially
with you of course like yeah that
talking enough cow we had about that
that's really yeah really changed a lot
for me I think that was I think it made
me almost a different person not a
completely different person but yeah I
found a way to be more you yeah yeah do
I think that's that insights will you
help me grow the person towards yourself
I'm happy you can be you too you can
help me be a better
what's quality to Felix and I have that
enables us to share you first off I
don't think you share me because you
don't think were you do figure I don't
think you share no no definitely not
I think we've got two fully grown
relationships which both are still
growing but and I think they're both a
hundred percent which means I have to
have two hundred percent and I think I
can do that and I think that I think
everyone could do it with enough talking
so if there would be one quality that
you both have to have to do this it
would be communication skills and
talking everything over I think
sometimes we tell each other that we
don't talk about something enough or I
tell you to explain something to me
but I don't think we realize that we
talked a lot and we tell each other a
lot and we share a lot of our feelings
about the other partner or about our own
relationships and that the days that we
don't talk much or when we're not really
in the mood for sharing we still share
more than 99% of people I think and I
think that's something special that we
all three of us have which makes this
work agree do you really think will last
I think will last yeah yeah I think it's
all really really solidly built the
relationship um on the right feelings
its intentions exactly and I think
that's most important parts to make it
make it
5:02 to last for long periods of time I
think we also shared the thoughts that
if you don't feel like it's gonna last
mm-hmm yeah if you should have yeah
that's of course not the same minute
sometimes when you're a rough patch you
might have nope there too but that's
yeah if you have that feeling constantly
then from the beginning it's going to be
hard to make it work
what makes me different from your other
partner everything you're a completely
different person
the only thing I could come up with it
you have in common is being very gentle
and being very very down-to-earth but
for everything else you have completely
different views on things you've got
your own personality sure there hasn't
been a moment ever up until now I've
thought of you as the same personal or
comparable in any sense you also
wouldn't be very interesting I would
date twins enjoy why are you with me hmm
I'm with you because you're a very
lovable person and yeah after all yeah
they'll also just I feel fine to work
[Laughter]
and I think we make a very good good
couple everyone can really compliment
each other in a lot of things and yeah
we will both see a lot of things from
differents different perspective I think
you tend to see a lot of things more
emotionally where I tend to see a lot
more practically and we complement each
other and learn from each other yeah
above all because I love you
go to that what do you think it's the
hardest thing for me right now I think
you struggle every day to open up share
your feelings mm-hmm tell me or everyone
around you what you're what's going on
inside your head yeah and I think that's
gonna be a struggle for a while longer
and yeah I think that's by far the
hardest part I don't think there's
anything else that you have to focus on
either that's something that that's
that's something that's really gonna
help you in the long run
yeah in all the parts of your life
mm-hmm that's the hardest thing for you
right now
yeah yeah I agree yeah I also really
think that's that that's your path to
fulfillment in a way that if that that's
if you'll make that if that works
mm-hmm you can be a really happy easy
person yeah somewhere I think everyone
already knows like yesterday when
someone says just we know you care you
have to act like you don't care so now
the only person who has to accept this
you look at another one
whether you like most about our
relationship the thing I like most about
our relationship is that when I'm with
you I'm not necessarily the best me that
I can be I'm not the me that I would be
or that I would show my parents or the
me that I am when I work really hard to
achieve something or that I am when I
working I'm working on a project or I'm
studying or to me I am with my friends
but I'm the me that I like this and that
when I look at myself I think yeah
that's that's the ISA I really want to
be and maybe that's not the nicest
person and maybe that's not the most the
most remorseful person in any way but
it's it's how I like myself and you give
me the space and the room and the
freedom to be that me this something
that I don't think anyone else thinking
that means a lot to me if I can make you
feel that's way there's not that much
room for me anywhere oh nothing home not
with friends sometimes we talk about
that it's not enough room in this
country to be how I want to be like not
very big country it's not a country
there's too many people
that I when I'm because you know I'm a
really passionate person and that's not
generally accepted in the Netherlands so
that ya know when you give me that space
and that means it's the world to me
