when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember you know I
don't think about that time which
obviously wasn't the first time that we
met but I think about being at Briggs
apartment
and you were on the phone with Laura
waking up to you uh-huh you know yeah I
don't know it was my first like I'm not
like bummin might do it I want to get
kissing you know at times I do know is
the answer yeah
what do you cherish about our time
together as a couple
see I for those who are just joining the
kind of traditions that you might have
to do together those are those things
that you know I miss and I think about
when I think about like what's a it's a
good relationship these special things
that you develop along the years can
really just it becomes a language
yeah these are some nice what's your
fondest memory from our time together
I'm gonna cry
there was a night when I was in the
apartment with Rebecca and was done
we were in kind of a rough patch but you
came over and slow dance with me and my
feet and do you remember this at all and
we listened to Lake guy that was a
marshes do you know we're talking about
yeah
[Music]
yes and you helped me he danced with me
and we stood for a long time and it was
a tough time
what moment or we the closest say New
York yeah I just thought about kind of
what my fondest memory was and I loved
doing Valentine's Day with you yeah
and then you know following that I loved
like the way we did birthdays together
it loves the way we did things together
I remember that night in Woodside and
the word damn I was doing something I
think I was just going to work like
catering and a weird hiding such a great
night together and so you walked meeting
to the subway and remember like right at
that moment
[Music]
I some concept some things to be
effective I could marry you right now
and you said well to propose I'd say yes
thank you
and I'm just that it's kind of nice that
I had to walk away
think about that change
I'm glad that happened the way it
happened now you know back then I I
think there were trust issues I know
there were a little just issues and I
blame you for a lot of things but I
wasn't perfect and we were young and so
most of me wants to say just fidelity
even though we didn't I don't know
exactly what you did I felt like I want
to say that I would change that but oh
my god brought together you know I guess
I wouldn't be the person I am today and
you wouldn't have the relationship that
we do now if it were any different do
you know so yeah I want to say our
faithfulness and I want to say because
they loved each other we were so in love
with each other
but people make mistakes and so I can't
really pinpoint exactly how to say that
but I wish it well I think we were
committed I don't think that we were
faithful really think that I put a lot
of pain in between us
stuff that I couldn't get over stuff
that took me years the over even after
we stop doing stuff that still hurts
mm-hmm yeah it's just like transitions
that we do to change the limits for why
I wonder what you're saying is uh I
don't know why it's still I mean I'm
like like continually like David just
continually know things it and like
relationships I've had sensitive people
just like trusted she is about mm-hmm
you know I wanted to marry you and like
I don't think after I wouldn't do that
again
this is real heavy shit but it's a
really scary place to be in
yes
no I'll an experience
[Music]
I would have to okay what was the first
moment you realized our relationship
would end
when we first started dating you know I
was still getting never watch and I
never really allowed myself to I didn't
know how to oh that would be something
how much is that what just I think it
sucked that you make that conversation
about sleeping next and then that's a
morning that sucks
yes what I didn't know how to do was
start liking somebody at that point I'd
like to yeah but I'm still what I
thought in love with something like that
I kind of necessarily even and and kind
of it just has so fucking long for me to
realize that what we had been creating
was something more stronger
but but I remember in like as they were
starting to date that it wasn't a
relationship that would necessarily last
because I hadn't I wasn't you know I see
were so
I was I just mind to like you went
through me too and so I was here ready
to tackle the issue I'm sorry was there
a specific point
yeah
I remember when my dad came inside knows
it was Carolina and we don't be like
this speaking over the phone and it was
great and I remember when I finally open
up the computer like you to get bras to
do so they sent to the person much like
the spherical mounts and I remember
looking at the view it just it seemed
there's just a huge distance between
what was so mean
I don't know how our name is Spencer
thinks even though that your nearest
you're great Zoomers
who decided that relationship would end
how do you feel about it now even and I
[Music]
was depressed free even through my
religion to the Tyler just like I'm
trying to make latch onto something that
felt anywhere near what we had you know
that wasn't how I feel about it in helm
I'm really glad that it about it because
I love you you want to make favorite
people I'm like yeah again it took us in
a couple of years to get back on track
but you're my best friends five years a
long time in us yeah and I think that if
I can I thought about it a couple times
since we broke up but I think if we
would have held on it was just nonsense
you know how long but it just you don't
have the courage to do it even though I
was extremely heartbroken but
[Applause]
hi oh we wanted to tell this question
what would you warn my next boyfriend
about me yeah yeah I think that yeah at
that point you just started yelling at
me and there was no reason for it that's
like not really a big thing I mean a lot
of things I think the relationship kind
of wanted to hear what people might
dislike it's crazy I mean I don't think
that you were all that raising something
to give it a little like that sometimes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay you're really awesome and our
relationship to sound really smart you
are really smart you do even an emails
to me currently you don't talk to me
like a friend you talk to me like an
employer or like so you know like it's
interesting
but we were bolstering like so I think
that really like you you need a
girlfriend that's gonna laugh at every
joke they make which is not a bad thing
I still think something back in no cuz
I'm like does that sound bitchy no I
think okay like we're not anymore
you're totally still little or for two
years I'm busy and yeah that's in this
room with me I only say that no Zach
said that I will kiss it in person did
say that
yeah who is at fault for the
relationship ending I think me
really definitely absolutely 100%
because I think I was the one I remain
the most mistakes and and you always
gave me another chance and so sometimes
i battle between whether or not that was
the right decision for me or if that was
a weak decision for anything and if
there was a weak decision then I think
that it's still me because I was you
know I'm okay well you shouldn't but I
think it was I think I was all my fault
I think that I probably you definitely
definitely deserved
like a you know like a second chance
after whatever that guy's name was
because you'd given me something so I
just felt like I really wasn't there I
don't feel like I was there you know
surprising right
however that was the last thing that
that's saying I feel terrible for if you
just now went through the last two years
thinking that you're the one that's at
fall that's fucking stupid because
that's that's oh you thought because I
was still living in green housing and
such I wrote this whole letter to you
this huge letter is saying like I love
my job
huzi better I like it better whatever
you need to make this work I'll do it
and John came home and I read it John
and he was like you're fucking insane it
was like you said it you really think
like like and you're just need to get
over it and like you guys are fine it's
not a big Jimmy who's been in there for
five fucking years like something's
bound to happen but and I was
and their relationship that I mean yeah
yeah I thought sexy anything like what
we were good we were good you know
that's true that's really good yes
trying to think with all that entails
we had a great sex life even when we
were mad at each other
oh yeah yeah yeah you make me feel good
here yeah this is good you were you're a
great
did you give me like a questionnaire
did you like breakdown things about our
relations I did I filled out the
question if they use this oh I didn't do
that
why did you cheat on you so many times
or why so many times I didn't cheat on
you so many times I did not like do the
act of cheating oh yes
that sucks
see I'm still upset about it I know but
hey I never slept with anybody else
that's fucking gross man
that's cheating
I never said it wasn't I just said that
you know I feel like the question
implies that I did so many things so
many times and I didn't I did like I
would say a few - when you sit when
something says so many times that
implies like sex well I was the only
give you a clear understanding maybe of
what you don't know the question is why
did I and I think it's because I was
interested
and our Russians
ah
why didn't you under with me
that's right after I look that that
night that it all kind of first started
we didn't do anything we talked and then
about two weeks later I broke up with
you because I felt like I had been
dishonest and then that's when something
happened and then you and I talked about
it a month later and then we got back
together I started nearly I feel like
sometimes I feel like I try to do it the
best way and sometimes I feel like it
just a nice no take the salt for at all
like
and I think it's kind of weird not weird
it's it's you know when you ask when you
say like every time we're in college you
know you have one way of kind of talking
about it as you know as we're really
talking about
why did I give so much sense
[Music]
yeah I don't have dancers
it looks the one thing I should have
time to save the relationship one thing
you could have done in the things
relationship
get your dick in your pants
I don't know I don't think that was the
problem
my dick was like everywhere Christ
what's I don't know I don't know I don't
think they're this is my question
okay I don't think there's anything I
honestly like we talked about sticks
with me and there's a doozy so there's a
list and
all right wait because I don't know I
don't think I could save it I don't
think that's the rule that I was playing
I don't think that I don't think the
other thing like bill I got I don't
think that was the case I mean I agree
more with them why do you want to still
be friends those break up because I
really miss you
it's like you know and that's also just
who I am
right I really just
I'm sure there's like deep psychological
issues with me where I don't want to
feel like maybe like not like there's
something which is why which is why I
wanted to continue friendships with exes
but I'm all I mean forever for the most
part the people that you know were maybe
people that were not very ugly so you
know water like I don't talk to them and
but I still talk to you you're wonderful
just pure joy you know you said to me
has fuckin haunts me you said to me that
I will never find somebody that loves
you the way that you love me but you
love me the most and you said that
tonight
several times
and it's like every year so - so far
that's gone by it like I said only
continue yeah anything else - but I
think - yeah maybe we're coming up on
three but each one that goes by I start
thinking you might be right
you might be right fucking alone I think
it's there I mean I like it
like I'm not complaining I just better
this year and so that's why I want you
so many friends how can you look me in
the eyes after I broke your trust
do they love you it's like it's really
simple I know that and I still love them
I don't know we hit somewhere along the
road we hit something right I always
want you to be in my life and how can
you look me in the eyes I started to do
shots yeah
you know even though a lot of what
happened it's really shitty
yeah there was a question but that
horrible wretched human being of a girl
asked me which was why why can't why you
want to be friends with me even though
it was he you know did it to that girl
anyway see even though it seems like
there's still like deep deep down you're
still anger there anyway but it was easy
for me because you don't need me think
to me that you do you know like you're
this NAT but we venture shit and you
know me and I know you I know really who
you are and that's more important
do you think that this friendship will
continue I mean seems like your new
boyfriend is a little bit possessive or
insecure and I was really excited to
hang out at you like six months ago
like rediscover a friendship since then
I don't feel like you've always been
able to and feel like do you think that
this experience that we went through is
it do you think in any way that kind of
informs you now how to like really tears
Jessie but all you know all the student
that we went through all this shit that
we went through being in a relationship
maybe talking to Exodus you know that
always being kind uncomfortable and now
you and I are exes but we're developing
a friendship and you're in a
relationship and sometimes it seems like
he's not comfortable talking to me but
we work together for a really long time
and I don't know I agree with you but
there's always gonna be something
between us excellent not more than the
friends but it's gonna be more than
friends
just some guy I dated for six months
passed and he knows that and so I think
yeah he is he's kind of possessive and
he's kind of insecure but I think he's
doing okay dude but I mean like even I
mean he's not gonna stop you from coming
here today but he's unhappy with it yeah
something's not like super happy that on
my day off and there's an ex-boyfriend
but no based boss
does that do we got a flyaway hair here
huh yeah it's all pretty Iowa yeah it's
pretty bad today me what what are you
getting out of this relationship now
I always feel senator I'm sorry thing
now is here I feel I feel joy so kind of
just all the good things about the
relationship - the you know sexual
what do you resent about our time
together as a couple
yeah do you like just waiting said it
sound like I'm like I'll say no I would
say it I don't care what the word
resents turn me off a little bit regret
like hate you for thinking has done
anything you know I feel about the
decisions that they made but I wouldn't
call it was done right
cuz again I'm glad it all happened I
learned a lot a lot even
learned a lot I was seriously depressed
yeah for a long time but that person on
my home which was something I've never
had to deal with and realizing like a
serial monogamist in this crazy his
sirens yeah because that your Titan I
broke up and before Matt and I got
together I finally had a couple months
only to like be alone that used to scare
me but like I solidly loved it
so the point wondering like I'm 26
living in New York City it was fun and
not just like hooking up with randos is
that really what happened it was like
figuring out what I like to do and maybe
where I wanted you know and then Matt
and I gotta sit up there because I went
on I think one day and we came back and
it was me and three of my girlfriends
and all their boyfriends came to meet us
at work and he came
shit why have you asked me how my day
was awesome look at all these pictures
and if I might fuck away from the holly
water Medicare I was like what what do
you want what do you want
fucking boyfriend like we didn't get
together in like a happy cool way it was
like great
so not a girlfriend yeah anyway I don't
know yes yours
lights out what are you presenting about
our time together the way your boyfriend
you're just I'm rolling why haven't you
been in a relationship since we broke up
I actually have an incident of this yeah
because but it's like it's making like
the text answer I often will go too late
let's say that this wedding that is
going to for my belly this woman one of
the nominees and she just so cute even
need to have a girlfriend she was like
trying to introduce me and I was
interested and I had almost had this
idea that she might be like hey why
don't you have a girlfriend
and you know but I I think it's because
I think I'm not heartbreaker I know that
sounds silly but no I don't know it
sounds fucking silly really like it
always happens it always fucking happy
what's it I just like I I lose interest
in then I and then I spray cup with
people and it always is painful to do
that and it fucking sucks and I know
it's like wait so what I need to say is
I don't I don't like I can't wait to
like meet something that I'm just and I
got something I think they're both shit
Elsa like that was something I really
should have continued those things
they should giving you I don't know I
just should have broken up with you
sometimes I think I think I should put
more work into their relationship and
because what we had was pretty unique
and pretty solid and a lot of fun and
the fights that we had become the
understanding that we had with each
other was solid I mean you know the
goals we set for each other like the
like all back Spencer's who we would
needed to start family together house
that was very like there's a lot of
potential there
and they just I just hated picking up
his stuff in your apartment I hated I
hated white coming through all the stuff
that we had created with each other like
the paintings and stuff like that and I
just I had it was like it was like
ripping out my heart and I was like
taking out your paintings
I do that I do that again
and so it's like before things get too
serious I usually I think like and it's
like oh it's done but it's always me
it just has been so there's name to have
you start thinking about these other
relationships that were like important
relationships I mean like you can look
at three-month locks at home
when you
would you ever want would you ever think
about getting back together that's like
that's a good question Ashley
Oh
I
this is a stumped question yeah
everybody say yes or no it's like I
don't want to say like I I could see us
going on a date together really I mean
it wouldn't have to be like kissing in
the smoochy but like like maybe because
we have changed a lot but so I don't
even know if you'd be extremely
compatible I know I changed so much
people are asking always why to consider
our relationship now I think first that
lost my head is hanging on the art bar
and like making fun of other couples I
really just don't like you're telling my
sister okay which was one of the best
feelings in a way we don't really go see
at the same time you know I don't really
think that that question said it was a
fun question I can ask you whatever but
what did you ask the last time which was
I mean around here a moment I know I'm
another question or I like what would
you say - but I think it would be so
strange I think it would be so hard to
like I mean maybe it'd be fun but like
it would be I just think getting back in
the sack together would be awful yeah
because this point in time we've had so
many different like partners and things
that we would have to talk about ok yes
Anna and yeah so that's usually where I
stop that's I think as far as I go