scanners
what do you remember about the first
time we met it's weird because we like
knew we knew each other before we were
like good friends right so I remember I
remember being in school and you would
always like call the TV we're watching
would I wanna watch right now yeah I
can't we it's like oh they do like I
would go in there to place management
about all that dude who always all the
marathon yeah exactly exactly
Buffy very thought yeah you're like all
that dude watches Buffy is in there so
we can't play Smash Brothers right now
[Laughter]
can you come a long way what nickname
best describes me this is both - and why
is a really good question I wanna okay I
definitely want to say mini-me oh yeah
I'm a web series make a web series me
okay well hey I've made a web series yet
it's coming
maybe right that first episode I wrote
that I got them three episodes written
it's gonna be more and be sure you did
stand up first okay is that your
nickname for me no no no just first it'd
be I don't know man something some
synonym for neurotic an extra oh so
neurotic some like sitting them for no
right
just like yeah man I don't know I just I
just don't know how I just don't know
how could happen man I just like did
this thing and then the other thing
happen and just I don't know about the
movie man it was just like it's like
this thing happened and this other thing
I was like how could that thing happen
so yeah just cuz you like it like like
you'll get like obsessed with like one
aspect of Vic yeah here we are Costanza
there we go like black Costanza Costanza
[Laughter]
I don't know this thing after that
Costanza it hurts Oh
what do you appreciate most about our
friendship I well for one thing you're a
very supportive friend so it always like
I feel like I'm always very like in my
especially about new stuff like like
with like writing I can like come to you
and be like hey like I'm working on this
thing over you like help me out with it
or give me advice also just being your
friend like you're a good example of
somebody who's very like diligent you
just like work and you put your head
down you work on your stuff and then
every time you show me something that's
like better and better like I can see
you like improving yeah so that is what
is inspiring them so I you inspire me
every day man you very well that's very
good strong person thank you yeah
I'm supposed to breathe that in thank
you compliment exactly that's about the
same in you got to take the compliment
yeah yeah I I don't take compliments
well you know take me now I don't I
don't either
hmm
yeah cool what was the funniest moment
we've shared oh my gosh Wow is this it's
really hard to pick which one there's so
many huh I don't know it was probably
when you're fake mad when you're fake
like we're for instance we're playing
you know the game of Thrones board game
and it's so long and we made it even
longer because of the betrayal guard and
so you know we'll go into the kitchen
and we'll be like all right so you know
kale is he's getting he's mustering his
army you know all right so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna blockade the sea
so we can't get any imports over there
and then next thing you know you betray
me garden like I told you live and you
die gave it throne don't you watch the
show gotta do it man oh my gosh
I got a betray you and it drives me
crazy how good you are board games does
it it does yes yes yes I think that's
why I'm like I gotta be better at video
I'm gonna be better at one of the I
can't I feel like I was good I was get
caught up played board games
like I always like I'll be like oh I got
a plan and then I'll start doing and
then people will see my plan and then
conspire against me and that's how rate
winds are me over exactly yeah
attack him now I win exactly wins yeah
that's definitely one of the funniest
moments just playing board games yeah
how eat it because and then yeah the
betrayals and yeah so Nathan there's the
race between you
so many funny moments oh my gosh but
I'll pick out shoes that one all right
The Betrayal garden funny funny oh
that's my turkey
what quality in me do you wish you had
and why I got said before just like the
ability well for one thing to build the
ability to just like put your head down
and work and literally just like enjoy
like the process of working and not be
like all anxious about where things are
gonna go you're a little bit older than
me so it could be it could be that gray
hair cuz you go but uh but yeah man you
have like a really amazing quality to
just be like you'd be like oh yeah I
just got it I gotta go home and write
and work on this thing and then like two
months later you like come out of a
cocoon
with like a script and it's just like I
like that's what you were these okay I'm
gonna I've been working on it like five
nights yeah yeah five hours a night for
the past two months man and this is this
is the first draft like I got 16 more
drafts and like you just have like an
ability to just keep like working on
working one of the things that you work
yeah no exactly yeah and this just it
would just be like you like oh yeah I
wrote a whole new I've like a whole new
draft we haven't even whole new draft
yeah so it's just like you have like a
really amazing ability to just like put
your head down and like work on stuff
that you're passionate about and even if
it's like even if you like like go
through like you like go through like
all the periods of like oh yeah this is
a really great idea like oh I'm not sure
about this idea and then you just like
put your head down and barrel through
them also I mean also like and obviously
like you're very strong do like you're
very resilient and persistent we've had
a very hmm very crazy life man so it's
like the fact that you're like here
right now and it's true that like I'm
not sure if I have like that much
strength like I'd like always like feel
like my life has been like crazy and
then like I tell my stuff I'm like
alright I'll sit down
I don't know how I'm still here yeah
yeah you have like it amazing it could
that could be like something that like
one of those things that comes through
like you may like also like have that
and then apply it to like the work that
you like your work because it's very
like you have like an amazing like
resilience man like a you yokai all
right what do you see in me that I do
not see in myself
hmm I think you're actually funnier than
me I think you're actually really funny
I know I made you know made that joke
about meeting me but I actually think
you are funnier than me and I can like
the stuff that I've seen and you work
really hard as well and yeah I don't
think you you put in that work you say
that you know I don't I'm not doing it
enough but you go to like five six how
many open mikes do you go to a night
with you yeah I'm gonna go to the mic
and East Village then I'm gonna go to
this open mic and Fairfield is there
it's like what yeah yeah you're real
you're funny man thanks like you're
really you're funnier than I am you know
that means a lot it took a minute for me
to like I was like and then it come to
the conclusion like he's definitely
funnier than me oh thanks you know yeah
you are yeah so you really need to just
believe and how funny you are
and how you craft your jokes and as long
as they come from the plate you know a
human place you know you're gonna be
golden man thanks man yeah it surprises
me that you're not with like charter
talents
I'm yet really you know it amazes me but
just keep working and you're gonna be
there but you're you're funnier than me
thanks man yeah also breathe in that
compliment you should yeah yeah you are
let it go - you said it what is a pain
in me you wish you could heal man I'm
sorry people trying to make me cry I
don't know we haven't talked about it in
a while well I'll do I'll do -
physically obviously the cancer yeah
like you're you're like a brother to me
so like every time you're like you tell
me that like something's like hurting or
like you're in pain or just like
imagining the amount of pain that you
deal with it kind of fucks with me yeah
sometimes I'll literally go on google
and type in the type of cancer you have
and type in cure you know what if you
know cuz I'm always like hoping I have
like some like good news to share with
you about it or something and then the
other thing too is like sometimes I feel
like that makes you like having that
makes you feel like you don't or at
least I feel like you've been better
with it so it's made me happy but like
better about what exactly I feel like
before like you were dating and things
and and you would tell people and then
they would like bounce on you you know
yeah and I felt like that made you feel
like you weren't like worthy but you
have it does seem like you've gotten
better with that but that was always a
thing that like I wish I could have like
done some
hmm about boy like just wish that you
could see what like your friends and the
people who love you yeah saw and that
those people like just weren't strong
enough to deal with yeah to deal with
that and that it wasn't a reflection on
you mm-hmm yeah it's so weird this toxic
shame that comes from you know being you
know in your mid-20s you know and 30s
and having cancer you know it's it's you
feel like it's your fault and I went so
long without telling people and when I
did they kind of blew up in my face it
felt like and yeah yeah a lot of that
you know was also my issue and I because
we believe to be free you know at 20
whatever you know we don't think of
mortality advantage you know we think we
can live forever and so it was hard to
tell other people because you know bring
people down you know yeah it's something
I've been working on quite a bit still
yeah I don't think it'll never be over
mm-hm you know just like multiple
myeloma it'll never truly be over you
know and I and I and I do get scared cuz
I still get flares that I don't really
tell people about like my hand will
breeze against the door and I'll be in a
lot of pain you just kind of learn how
to live with it you know you learn how
to deal with the pain you know
physically and mentally yeah yeah but
thank you it's nice to know that yeah
that you're looking things up yeah yeah
uh I don't know I feel like like really
childish doing it sometimes but I'm like
you know it's like you never know man
Krauss you never know like I feel like
we're due to cure something right like
we've been resting on laurels for a long
time mmm like people like I like oh yeah
polio used to be like a thing that you
and we cure polio saikai that was like
the 50s like what can we cure now
that medicines are like his Al Bundy
stage it's like I scored four touchdowns
[Laughter]
what are you hesitant to tell me hmm
resident to tell you well going back to
I guess you know the cancer information
you know it is like how much should I
tell my friends you know still this day
cuz River I remember when I had to have
like mentally minimally invasive heart
surgery yeah you know and I was keeping
I kept that a secret I was gone yeah I
feel like a good week you know in
Philadelphia yeah you know and I just
didn't want to tell anybody I didn't
want to anybody to worry about it but
yeah read that question to me again what
are you hesitant to tell me yeah yeah
yeah it's definitely yeah still
definitely all cancer related yeah I
just feel like I'm on my last leg still
you know and that's something that I
still don't tell people like I'm
extremely tired all the time
yeah I'm exhausted you know and with
diverticulitis that I have I'm just
tired all the time and that's another
reason why I guess I don't come out a
lot you know cuz I'm just either working
yeah you know or I'm like in pain yeah
you know and which oh gosh now I know
people are gonna watch it and be like oh
my god he's been telling me he's alright
yeah Keith Keith Keith I'm still like
it's an incurable cancer so I mean I'm
still gonna have like issues flare-ups
you know I mean yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's hard to talk about it
alright to talk about it
to kind of sit here and think about my
own mortality but yeah you have any
follow-up questions to them oh yeah I
was gonna ask why do you what do you
what do you think would happen if you
told me about it
I told me that stuff honestly huh I
really don't know and you know I think
deep inside actually that just like the
other people who left I guess you would
leave to get Alan and it hurts a lot
more when somebody consider your brother
you know yeah I'm afraid that I'm afraid
that you leave you know like yeah I
remember we had a conversation about
about you being my emergency contact and
that was really difficult to ask you
know and heaven forbid I asked you you
to you know sign a DNR or something like
that cuz there's nobody here but you
know I mean I'm no family here really
you know my family are my friends and
yeah I'm afraid I'm afraid that you
leave man
you know I'm afraid to actually yeah
it's just become too much of a burden
you know and I'd never want to be that
person who always just talks about you
know what's going on you know but what I
have I feel like it's a big thing like
like what's going like that's a like a
huge thing and it's also like a huge
part of it's a part of who you are yes I
guess so it's yo like if you need to
talk that we can talk about it like it's
not you know sure cuz especially because
like it's if it's ever like on your mind
like obviously you don't have to you
know if it's over yeah if it's just on
your mind it's like safe to talk about
it's not it's not a burden you listen to
my shit all the time so no it's not a
burden man I love you you like my
brother so my mom has adopted you so
yeah man you know not not going anywhere
man you can talk to me about this stuff
good yeah it's so yeah wow I never
thought about being asked that question
like what do you think will happen yeah
it's a good one to ask you you know cell
sometimes to make it a lot of times I
get hung up on stuff like what you know
in a strange way I feel like we're kind
of like the Elric brothers mm-hmm in a
way we're both looking for pieces of
ourselves in different ways and I think
that's why we both really love the
series so much okay who is more
attractive out of the two of us it's a
weird question to ask me man yes I mean
by the beard you grow one too you got
the beard now man got that beard the
beard pussy I can't even grow up here so
well I only did it so people can stop
asking if I'm Gary Coleman on the street
do you know how many days of growth this
is Keith how many I shaved last
Wednesday but not this week this is from
last week uh-huh
I shaved like almost like two this is
two weeks of growth Keith two weeks in
through two weeks of growth Keith I
can't even so you win for now you also
like a more like open person - yeah yeah
definitely definitely I like go to when
we go to like parties or whatever or
like when we're meeting people I feel
like I sit kind of like by myself
where we gallo so people don't think I'm
nervous
yeah I mean you're a little bit better
like talking to people and being like a
little bit more open hmm all that good
stuff
cool yes go for it go for it that's the
question you want oh come on never
thought it would come back around on you
[Music]
now I'll do that
that's what now what do you get uh let's
good see how many girls you're dating
right now brother
[Laughter]
mm-hmm that's what I get you be also no
no it sounds like I'm dating so you be
all secretive on your phone about who
you target to you but nobody know right
now I'm talking to two people okay yeah
it's it's so weird it's like some weird
I don't know what's happening it's you
know I lost 130 pounds it was a really
big guy I wasn't really sure of myself
of a lot of a lot of things and I don't
know it just when it comes to like
online dating you know I just seemed to
accept
mmm-hmm I guess it's because I can read
a profile yeah yeah you know they can
read my profile and then we can just
start having conversations and it's just
the conversation just flows so easy
mm-hmm you know but yes I'm only talking
the two people right now okay you know
yeah yeah we'll leave it at that all
right
no further questions damn it that was
the first thing that popped in my head
and I was like should I ask that I were
like asking I was like well you know
well here's the thing in school like I
said I was 275 it was really big and I
didn't know how to talk to women yeah I
still don't know how to talk to women
yeah you know I have to rehearse what
I'm gonna go on a date yeah a complete
mess I I don't know and just as a recent
as a lady I don't know maybe I think
what it is is people like oh it's 31
surely he has it all you know and it's
like oh my gosh you make it yeah and
also I guess I'm afraid it goes back to
the people who will leave me because of
you know the cancer and I've been burned
before where I tell a girl you know that
I like her I want to be something and
she'll tell me you know oh I'm sorry but
I don't think I can get invested in
someone in your situation which is fine
I mean like I can't blame someone you
know what I mean yeah cuz I can
completely understand but for me it's
just socks man socks dating is hard and
you have you know an incurable cancer
man oh yeah oh it's nighttime
shit turn
interesting when do you feel I
misunderstand you sometimes sometimes
with texts like when we're texting you
are man quickly here it's so many
texting and you won't text me back for
like a couple days and I'll be like is
he like mad that's something I said but
no like sometimes it'll like I'll text
you something and then you'll like text
me back a response that like had nothing
to do with the Texas is like no like
that's not what I was saying I was
saying that was it I went one time it
was like like like you sent me something
about the web series and I sent you
something about like what I was writing
and then and then it sounds but like my
the thing that I wrote like sounded like
I was saying that like I was I helped
you write your webs and you sent back
like no man there's like a bunch of
hours I was like no I wasn't talking
about that like I was talking about
something I have to turn it sideways
doing is easier if you turn cuz you can
what is this t-mobile thank you exactly
I feel like right now this is like a
texting tutorial you guys sideways this
is how I turn in sideways and then uh
the buttons are a little bit bigger and
then you tap like you pull like you pull
your punches you know what I mean but
you can't like lean like hit it too hard
or move it like three buttons at the
same time so you just like I'm saying
thank you yeah get them thumbs working
okay you know I'm terrible texting
I'm really like yeah okay I'm gonna work
on that and you should described the
first feeling you felt described the
first moment you felt like a man this is
both huh yeah yeah yeah this is odd okay
it's about to get deep brother mm-hmm oh
man okay um okay thinking about this
already making me kind of go the first
time I suppose so interesting how late
this is is when I confronted my father
about why he you know did the things he
did why did he hit me like why did he
you know like why did he tell me I was
no good why did he tell me how the one
compliment he didn't give me was saying
that I had a good heart which was always
was something that I've always held on
to but he told me so many terrible
things that make me feel like I wasn't
worth anything you know and when I
finally confronted him about why why did
you do the things you you did to me you
know and hearing him saying that that's
something that his father did to him you
know this is a generation thing and you
know and I told I was like you do
realize that it's my responsibility to
break this you know when I'm in any type
of relationship it's my responsibility
and I take it proudly you know because I
had the foresight to see the foresight
to go to therapy you know to talk about
these issues and to write a letter and
then actually confront him you know that
took a lot you know and it's interesting
we're always talking about what it is to
be a man
I don't I don't you know I love to bake
you know I love baking cookies I
absolutely love baking you know and some
people but like oh man and I just it
drives me crazy
when people say you have to do X in
order to be a man and that's just not
the case
yeah that's just not the case at all
yeah same reason why a woman doesn't
have to be in the kitchen in order to be
like that's stupid
yeah that's fucking stupid and yeah the
first time I felt like a man it's when I
confronted my father know about why he
would hit me yeah mine is like a little
bit of yours I think the first time it's
like I always grew up and I was kind of
uh like kind of sensitive compared to
everyone else so I think and I feel like
for a long time like I carry this thing
like like that that like pressure like I
gotta be like X you know what I mean
like I have to be like tough or like I
always have to like like it's like like
you gotta do like the man things like
you got to do things like like be quick
to anger or like be like you know what I
mean like always like demand respect and
I was never that and I could never like
do that not at least not in that way
so I think for me it was like learning
that like you don't have to like being a
man or just being a person in general it
was just kind of like you just you have
to like carve your own version of who
you are you know I mean it's not and do
you think as african-americans like you
know there's this other layer on top of
it yeah you know yeah
like because I'm pretty sure you've
heard you know you talk white yeah yeah
and it's like it hurts when you hear it
from other brothers you know from other
sisters yeah because it's it's like do
you know what you're saying yeah
you know when you put whiteness up here
like as the standard yeah you know what
I mean yeah that completely drives me
insane
ya know it's mean it's it's a weird
thing because we know it's just it's
like it's like a very like trance is
really transparent right because you
know like exactly where something comes
from like you know exactly where like
this like those behaviors are like how
like a lot of dudes like you'll see and
like the hood or like very like hyper
mat like a lot of dudes I grew up with
were like very like hyper masculine like
those yeah like oh my god the people
like I grew I grew up with and it
obviously comes from like like the
especially men like men had to be like
tough because at any moment someone
could like a group of white people would
come in your neighborhood you have to be
like ready to protect mm-hmm everybody
so then all those that thing or that
like that thing like that demanding
respect that all that stuff gets like
passed down through generations yeah and
then but then now it's just us in the
neighborhood doing it to each other you
know so it's like we still they're still
like that whatever part of like genetics
that is that like that switch is still
on because for so many centuries we've
had to be like that right but now
there's it's just us in the neighborhood
together right you know what I like
about I don't know if you saw this
actually yesterday if you're coming up
the hill but there's now there's like
this black officer that's in the
neighborhood and he's a very friendly
he's he's very friendly he actually
talks to the people and you know because
I had some incidents that happened to me
yeah and it was yeah it's just it's I
really like what they're doing he's the
police force but they're trying to do
for the neighborhood is having a black
officer there someone in uniform that I
can see and I can talk to they're not
intimidated by you know what I mean mmm
very interesting I don't know how that
relates but yeah it's it's attached to
the branch but yeah yeah just felt you
know it gave me
proud okay that's proud to see him yeah
which is nice because I've been
terrified for so long I'm still
terrified oh man you know I'm so
terrified ever since I got stopped you
know I've been like I don't understand
like I was a teacher yeah like I'm going
to teach my class yeah I had a Dexter's
Laboratory shirt nerd on the front of
yeah like ah you know I just hated I
think would really upset me though was
that hearing the guy go through my bag
and then like shove his friend and say
Mike he's a teacher so he's up mm-hmm
it's like that's what jobs you not that
I'm a human being
yeah but the fact that I'm a teacher
yeah oh man I was livid oh this is
actually a really great question you can
all the ones though what is something
you learned from your upbringing you've
had to unlearn I think it's a lot of
what we were just talking about man just
like very just being very like just just
like all like the the stat like the
impossible standards of masculinity that
like you that you have over you you know
what I mean
it's like you have to have been with
this many women you have to be great at
fighting yeah it's like I'm possibly
have to make a lot of money family it's
like some of those things don't even
like being great at fighting and having
a great job are mutually exclusive
unless you're a boxer that works so so
yeah just like having to unlearn like
there's like a lot of really impossible
standards that a lot of people try to
live up to and you can't be free like
trying to follow sure those so just
slowly I'm still like working on it
every now and then like oh I don't know
do you just get like because I'd never
fully felt like I was there like like
like friends that I had like like at
that standard or as hyper-masculine as
other people like I still I felt I feel
like I feel like I've always felt kind
of inadequate because of it
so slowly starting to unwind and
untangle those things and being present
with them and then trying to like let
them go yeah okay
yeah it's silly you can't be free that
way hmm the end how do you think my
childhood plus upbringing affected me as
a person well I definitely think well
especially now with you know hearing the
conversations or having conversations
about you about your father
you know and and how you're trying to
bring it's Woody Allen has this great
quote about you know how we're always
trying to fix things through art that we
couldn't in life and I feel like that's
your journey right now with you know
your father and all that's happened to
you and you know and I think it's I
don't know I think I see it going in a
positive way especially with your series
I think you're you know yeah you're
finding your way you're on your own
journey still you know I don't know if
it's ever over because like I said you
know generations you know things to
unlearn yeah but yeah and your mom your
mom is so sweet like she's so kind and
so I feel like you got probably the best
in the worst
you came out and there you know and I
feel like you already know that you're
gonna be a better man than your father
just because you have the knowledge of
all the terrible things that's you know
he put you through your mom through you
know and yeah what do you think I'm
teaching you Yoda
like I think it's the it goes back to
mine was just like though the diligence
and like the passion for your work and
then just putting your head down and
doing it and then sending it like
releasing it and putting yourself out
there but then just like but just that
stage man when you're like working on
stuff you're a beast man like so like I
just try to like pick your brain about
stuff and pick your brain about how you
work cuz you like you just like like hey
you want to do this I got to go home and
write my go Keith it's like 11:00 Yeah
right I got to write for like three
hours all right all right from 11:00 to
2:00 man no I'm not yeah no you play no
games good night I appreciate it yeah so
I feel like that's what like that's like
a and that and like just planning like
the stuff that you're writing out like
I'm very like messy and like just like
try to get stuff done like you're way
more a lot more detail-oriented than I
am so also trying to learn how to do
that and plan and be disciplined about
like the work that I'm trying to do you
use a beast
it's so hard I just want to wave
compliments out of the way I got it you
agree person what am i learning from you
apparently now pulling cards at the
right time
what are you getting out of this
friendship and what would you do to
improve it man I could definitely feel
like a you know I've gained a brother
and essentially I feel like it's like
the opposite of what games are I know
games are supposed to bring people
together but especially video games we
grew closer because of you know how
competitive we are when that's usually
the opposite mariokart mariokart somehow
Luigi's death Stan we become better
friend you know and with all
relationships I think something that can
be better especially on my part is
communication like you said about the
text message I am not the best with
communication and that's something that
I really need to do better especially as
I get as I get older just because you
know me I'm very plain and simple I mean
I didn't have an iPhone to a lastly yeah
I have like the same shoes like I'm very
like I'm just a plain person but yeah
communication I think could be better
and also we plan things and then we
don't do them so time yeah you know yeah
you got a kid oh yeah I get better at
that yeah we do yeah because our life is
going by and I don't want to get further
apart because I didn't pick up a phone
you know and then a month goes by and
you're like yeah but yeah that's I would
definitely have to improve communication
okay yeah that's my part yeah
what do you think is the most important
lesson I'm learning at this stage in my
life both okay what I think is the most
important lesson that you're learning
your life yes I think you're laughing I
think that you are learning and it seems
like you're learning to love yourself
[Music]
yeah I can I can easy for so long yeah
and I can I can see it just like and I'm
starting to see it just like in the way
you interact with people and just like
the the confidence that you were
building around people you don't know
and also just putting yourself out there
more where there comes to like putting
yourself out there for like writing
fellowships or yeah or just like making
sure or like kind of like constantly
just having like a rotation of things
that you're working on in developing and
yeah and also building like a really
strong like solid personal life and hmm
yeah it seems like that is uh that's
what I've been noticing yes now do me I
think the most important thing that
you're you're learning right now is yeah
I think you're learning how to become a
better writer instead of storyteller you
know so just just awesome yeah it's
going to therapy and meditation that's
another thing you're trying to you've
been trying to get me the longest time
to do this meditation I'm too neurotic
everybody is man
and I know but I'm just amazed that how
that you find stillness as a weapon
and I find stillness to be just like all
right
dying here you know and I find that you
have found that like I said your
strength comes from your stillness and
how quiet you are and how reserved your
reserved I reserved you become because
you're not the same Geron who punched a
hole in the wall yeah you're not the
same Girondin punched a hole in the wall
because a video game I can never be that
one again never be that guy again I
actually used to like blow up like a lot
because I used to like bottle stuff all
right yeah yeah yeah and it's definitely
seeped in through your personal life as
well you know with companies and
everything and you know and I admitted
like I was talking harder the day that
you know I'm honest I was jealous of you
yeah I was really jealous of you man you
know cuz you have the they have the girl
you know you have your careers you know
on the up and up you know and I was like
man I'm older and and I didn't back in
my head I keep hearing my mom going your
sister's married has been married is a
couple years you know and all that
pressure you know was getting to me and
you know I was looking at the person who
was closest to me which is you and I see
all these great things that you have and
I was like well I ever achieved even
half of the success that you have your
personal life you know successful
stand-up and yeah it's just yeah and it
took a long time for me to try to figure
out why I feel that way because I knew
like that it wasn't like me to be
jealous I've never been the jealous type
but I had to figure out why and you know
and through therapy and through that
great book that we both had you know
unrelenting standards what's it called
is this a plug we're gonna do a fly
helps I don't I feel like I feel like
that was like
because it like started like it way like
God I feel like both of us like a
certain point we're ready to fix stuff
yeah or to like change things
hmm so I think it's called I can figure
what it was man yeah I'm sad that I
can't remember the name of it because
you know the weird thing though I always
remember the one of the writers is the
same name is my dad I have this felt
like it was like yeah yeah or maybe my
dad's like writing it but yeah I do wish
I can give in meditation especially and
I'm glad that I I have learned to like
deal with that jealousy part of me
because it's I feel like in some way
it's why we have a disconnect at times
and that's something that I know I had
to work on I'm still working on and bits
and pieces because you know it it takes
I know it took a lot for me to look just
say hey I'm jealous of this one I'm
jealous of this and then they go well
why can't you have this you have every
right to be happy just as happy you know
I don't think I get jealous when you
like put out your like movies
you don't think I'm like oh yeah I wish
I I wish I was diligent and had that
made oh you don't think so
no of course no big deal I just been to
some festivals just traveling the
country and the world
she was showcasing my art something I
worked diligently on know everybody
that's interesting you never thought you
would be jealous of me of anything
that's weird yes
what do you wish for my future probably
I don't know how you're gonna feel about
this man oh man I want to see you I want
to see you married I want to see you I
know you're gonna be a great father I
know cuz you've been through so much in
your life and I know that all the
beautiful things that you know you're a
beautiful person and I know you're gonna
pass that down to somebody else and that
it's that circle of anger and violence
that both of us have been kind of
brought up on it's gonna be the
beginning of it fading and I can just
see you being a great father
and for your career I want you to kind
of be like the anti Kevin Hart it's like
you know but your comedy is is more
laid-back getting more you know not as
high energy and I love that about your
comedy you know it's I love thinking you
know and yeah I definitely I know you're
gonna have a great career that's that's
no question but I just yeah I just know
you're gonna be a great father
yeah and I can't wait you know first
both to break that chain
there's eyelets yeah last question last
one did you evolve too Oh
where do you see our friendship and five
years from now five years from now live
one two three four feet um obviously man
just like continuing to get closer
look my brother I'd love for you to like
come to like like we have like like last
Saturday we had like crab fest and like
people's like friends of like fam like
it would be cool if you met like my
whole family and like yeah you know and
like came home with me and and did stuff
like didn't like be like a part of my
family so my mom's already adopted you
yeah asks about you all do it so yeah
come come home with me sometimes but
yeah just like I guess yeah just just
continuing to share things like as our
lives get deeper like our friendships
our friendship will get deeper and you
know you'll like be married and have
kids maybe in five years okay that's
nice you married have kids and I I'm
gonna give your kids candy so they don't
sleep and daddys writing right now yeah
man but just like continuing to share
like all the good things that happen and
celebrating all that stuff we haven't
passed on any questions weird questions
I mean they're all good questions
there are no weird questions what's
happening what makes you still love me
why I'm such a sucker both man I'm just
such a sucker man it's definitely how
open you are yeah now you see you're
very open with me and I feel feel safe
you know even though I do have and like
I said all my problems come from me you
know when it comes to communication it's
definitely as far as my cancer but
you've never said no I'm not gonna take
you to the hospital
you know you sometimes send me text
message just saying how are you doing
you know I don't know if you feel it or
what not
you're just you're a very thoughtful
person you're very thoughtful person
yeah but yeah that's yeah that's why I
love you man you're you're my brother
you know it's it's nice in you you
remember that time when I was doing that
experiment on hugs yeah yeah you
remember that I was never hugged as a
kid really yeah and and so I had to take
it upon myself to try to fix that too
and of course now I love hugging you
know and you were part of the reason for
that man you know you would always
encourage me if we were out you'd be
like you can't you got a hug this you
gotta get this many hugs so you'd you
know give me a hug and it was it was
nice it was it was nice yeah nice so
yeah so thank you cool you're welcome
anytime we can hug anytime you like I
mean it kind of goes back to like the
same thing do you know you plan like the
best birthday party I've had you did the
roast oh that was like my favorite thing
that I think that was like my favorite
birthday party yeah like I never planned
I don't like planning stuffs always just
do like a simple thing it was like
surprised and I got there and you were
the roastmaster it was oh man I think I
was to me yeah sad about her age she's
like I think she could take it but yeah
so like you're also just very thoughtful
and you always think of me like you
thought to bring me in and to do this
and it means a lot to me and this is
this is a really great experience that
we're sharing together yes yeah it's
really cool so yeah you're also very
opening me and also creative and
time that we spend together mmm and it's
also safe remember we used to have like
sensitive men's night yeah we watch like
movies yeah a romantic comedy it's just
like I always feel safe like goes back
to like the hyper masculine anything
like I never feel like I have to be yeah
hmm a certain way around you yeah it's
nice