I don't think I was annoyed by you
sometimes those people here take me
because I'm so not that way but I don't
think no we did we I think we instantly
connected so yeah but those things were
definitely very evident but I think it's
it's funny I've had other people tell me
like yeah you're like so nice and it
Rose really annoying it's so irritating
I'm glad you didn't have that reaction
okay what's your favorite thing about me
I would say like the first thing that
comes to mind and I can qualify this if
I think of something else but like first
thing is your authenticity like you're
really not afraid to be honest about who
you are about what you're feeling like
even when you're like you don't like
what you're feeling or you know you're
upset about something you do like you
you don't bullshit anyone like you
you're clear
you know you're honest with yourself
you're honest with other people you're
honest with God even if you're mad at
God but they're just like I really have
always respected that and I mean what
was the question it was the favorite
thing or like most priests what's your
favorite thing about me
yeah so I mean I think that's I think
there's other things I mean that I
probably enjoy more than honesty maybe a
sense of humor but thank you hmm how
would you define our relationship
friends know um our relationship is
definitely better than that I don't know
very unique I think I would say closer
to like my brother just because of how
affectionate we are like you will hold
my hand sometimes hold held more boys
hands
after coming out than before it's weird
but that like it's just very like and I
love your hugs are so great yeah I think
definitely more like the affection I
feel for you is more like a brother but
definitely like good friends for sure
how do you describe me to others that's
why I got that ask that last night it's
part of the like partner thing yeah I
think that was one of them or how do
others see me you can tell a lot of the
people say behind your back
I mean I'm like ah this you know oh you
know Kristen she's awesome
she has bonfires and beer and it's a
great friend I mean I feel like most
people that like I talk with you about
already already know who you are so yeah
there's you're so famous and people
think I'm an alcoholic cuz that's what
people think of anything else like
alright I describe you as a good friend
and following up on the last question
I'd say like you and Judith are the two
women in the community that like remind
me most of my own sister mm-hmm
do you meet her when no but every time I
see facebook pictures of her like she's
so cool your friends know that you're
just like yeah and like I'd say that
like she has a similar kind of oh that's
probably actually what resonates even
with like that honesty like there's a
rawness to that to you that I see in her
as well and so like even though in other
ways you're quite different people like
there's that I think I was
initially drawn to you like like this is
this a friend like he's becoming like a
sister yeah that's how I really wanna
meet her yeah
what are you hesitant to tell me Oh Lord
uh you can always say like 10 seconds
that's but you hesitating cuz I don't
want to tell you I when you hesitant one
of my hesitant to tell you thank you
I think maybe it's more of a question
and slash observation but I'm always I
never bring it up but maybe I'll bring
it up now I'm always curious as to your
feelings for one of our community
members but I never like want to go
there because I know I've been in your
position before and I've been you for my
whole life basically so I feel like I
already know the answer and I don't want
to pour salt in the wound basically yeah
it's funny because your girlfriend has
asked me the same thing I know and I
almost slapped her when she told me that
I was like I can't even meet like you
have no idea like what that does to him
yeah I told her I was like I have too
much respect to you for you to like
dissemble and yeah make something up
yeah I'm not prepared to talk about it
yeah yeah and even though I'm closer to
you than I am with her
I appreciate you your sense of being
that um yeah I'm not prepared to talk
about that yeah yeah thanks that was it
okay I've really gonna put this on the
bottom and ask it later it's just so far
away for right now what made you decide
to become celibate why does it work for
you yeah thank you that's a double
question time first some of your
medicine I know sir so for the first
question what made me decide to become
celibate um probably just say like think
we're born celibate so like probably
what made me decide to remain turning
them into death I think it's I mean for
me it's always been not like primarily I
mean it's it's theology but it's like
it's Christology like it's
it's like my like my relationship with
Jesus is is such that like if I feel
like he's asking me to do something hard
like it's worth it and and so like
celibacy and like not pursuing
particularly in the past in Chicago you
know relationship with a guy that I was
deeply in love with mm-hmm
is be even for me it was a choice it was
like like the Lord who loves me and gave
himself for me like has asked me to do
something hard and I you know and so for
me it was it was it's always been kind
of a question of primary loyalties and
like it's funny because there's one time
I was that when I was at is a and like I
don't know if I told you this but I kind
of developed feelings for for one of my
housemates there and he's this young
German kid like I looked up to me and
yeah yeah and he and I don't think I'm
not sure he's very very physically
affectionate I'm not sure that meant he
was gay I think is more like he was 20
years old and he was trying to figure
out like yeah his own sexuality but and
in the end like I was thinking about
that and praying I was just like okay
God like I I have you know the whole
like you know traditional sexual ethic
like I see like I believe it like I see
the beauty of it I the you know more
recent revisions toward it you know
often I find that I find some are really
deep but most of them are really shallow
like why would you say no to love you
know something like that just like but
at the same time like I feel the force
of that it was like god I feel like
you're asking me over and over again to
say no to love
mm-hmm and I felt like really deep in my
in my heart just this whisper like you
have to trust me that that you're
actually saying yes to a deeper love and
a deeper life right and so for me that
was I don't know it's like why does it
work for me I feel like sometimes it
doesn't work for me
you know like that I'm far yeah I mean
that question is like I feel like I'm
far less contented than people imagine
mm-hmm and I reconsider my convictions
and behavior more often than people
would think but in some days I'm just
like you know as as soon as you know I
find any argument for like you know a
positive theology of gay relationships
like I'm there another days I feel like
you know even if if I would became side
a or whatever I hate that phrase like
that that I would still be celibate both
for like the sake of you know the
communities that are dear to me but also
just like that even if I were straight
like that there's I don't know I like it
that my life is a prophetic witness that
like sexuality as important as it is
like it's not the most important thing
and that like you can live a fully human
like enjoyable life without it so I
don't feel like it always works for me
like sometimes I hate it but I think
that's life but yeah I could ask that
question to anyone I'd be like no I kind
of like this doesn't work for me all the
time like yeah so do you so can I ask a
follow-up question do it do you think if
you were straight that you would still
be celibate like is that even something
that you can conceive of like I know
it's a very mm-hmm it's hard for me to
put right I can put myself in that
position like but you kind of mentioned
it so I was like is that something that
you feel like it's just I mean I feel
like before I really like
came to grips with myself like okay
these abiding attractions and affections
for men are not going away you're not
growing out of them this isn't something
that all boys kind of you know I'm
different than most people I think you
know up until then like I still was a
you know still very much like hey I'm
you know getting married like mmm you
know probably probably even before
college or like in college you know like
to a girl yeah to a girl of course and
and so like that wasn't even on my mind
and I was one of those you know who
joked I mean I inherited that same you
know shallow evangelical I thought that
that says like yep you know you know you
know thankfully that you know most of us
don't have that gift it's like you know
what you suck don't ya like you're
belittling yeah like the experience of a
lot of people not just you know being
celibacy right
yeah not business yeah not just those
who are single but like lots of
marriages have long-term seasons of no
sex involved you know and anyway it's
hard to say to like put myself where I
am now it's hard to even answer that
question and I'd say like there's still
it's not even like a fleeting hope you
know like I feel like I'm I'm kind of a
point where I'm like you know I'm thirty
years old like like I'm still a virgin
like I can yeah and I've made like I
found ways to make life meaningful
yeah so it's less of like a thing I look
I'm desperately hoping that there'll be
some internal change and that you know
I'll fall in love of a woman or like the
my convictions will change and I know
you know like marry a man I think like
there's still this intriguing
possibility of like you know what what
if I do meet a woman who's like very
like who's very understanding and who's
who
like could see me like beyond being gay
like see me and really love that yeah
and
be committed to the hard work that it
would take to make that kind of
relationship work I've seen those kind
of relationships work
I see also seen them fall apart mm-hmm I
feel like the ones that fall apart get
the most press the like they're still
part of me they're like whoa this beat
but it's not like this and hope yeah
yeah so I'm sure I understand it's a
question yeah
well you mentioned it so I was like is
that something that you've thought about
or that you can see I still think about
it yeah not like with I feel like even
it like five years ago that was a deep
long mm-hmm to marry a woman and that's
not the case anymore it's not something
I really want you know it's kind of like
are either one like a guy or just you
know that's the thing that's yeah I'm
sure it's still a stumbling block okay
okay it's your turn to ask me something
wait no no I think that was still my
question no no no no you're right yeah
okay I said this and then I have another
third question so you have nothing go
clean about when I asked double
questions and yes
speaking of assumed what do you think
this is nothing anyway what do you think
is the hardest thing for me right now
who are you you think thrown under the
bus so much I don't the hardest thing
for you um if you guess greetings I'm 30
papers getting ready to teach on Monday
in participating in level ground and
it's week eight almost week nine
currently and you're sick I think those
are to get away from the obvious I think
trying to break into your field maybe
there's a huge challenge cuz you're like
right there you've done so much work you
deserve it but at some point they're
exactly you have to like pop pop the
bubble and like break into that next
realm of like professional work so
that's a hard place to be in for me I
think you know I feel like it's a really
hard place to be in like for your morale
you know cuz you're like I'm qualified I
can do this I'm smart I'm pretty I'm
look at all those eyes come on somebody
give me a job what do you think is the
hardest thing about the choices I've
made
okay well the get away from the obvious
no living with Morgan my god I think I
think the hardest thing is or one of the
hardest things is when you you had such
a journey you have had such a journey so
far for reconciling integrating faith
your faith in sexuality and your family
doesn't understand that and doesn't
respond and really helpful ways I like
just ignoring it all together like that
mm-hmm
so you're like trying to navigate that
and you know still like you know figure
out some of your own doubts you know
theological you attic weave and like you
know being in the midst of a society
where like this is
all we freakin talk about sometimes
mm-hmm and feeling I think feeling alone
we're feeling isolated is one of the
hardest yeah that's probably true like
we need a cry break I don't cry so okay
oh this is my question a long way I
don't say that but this is my double
question I think I would have known
anyways because it's a little bit
different language what is your hope for
how churches will learn to interact with
sexual minorities and follow-up question
is that hope realistic the hope is that
on a very basic and maybe not basic so
for me I think the most basic level is
interpersonal you and I you know you and
I are friends like even though we have
hold opposite points of view but if you
take that to the next level and say okay
in the realm of like religion the next
realm I think would be church like
church homes Church and people like one
specific church meaning like one
building that holds not like the Baptist
denomination but like one specific
church so is it possible for that one
church to hold differing to hold us in
the same body of believers and be a
functioning unit I think there's
different levels to even that like
there's the interpersonal level and then
there's like the policy level so what I
would hope is that that one specific
church would become like a container and
a container for I guess conflict almost
like that's how like at the symposium on
last week like they were talking about
were you there for that one no but I've
read oh my god yeah like the some like
hope being able to like we need a
container that is going to hold our
conflict almost like and to be able to
like you know have the conflict within
this very protected and very loving and
mutual sphere I think is the only way
that you know any of those differences
in conflicts can be worked out and I
think it's gonna take a lot on the
policy side that's the side that I'm
like you know like I really because the
bottom line is someone's gonna be
unhappy you know like someone is going
to say like I don't agree with that you
know and they're gonna have to decide
whether or not and the hope I guess the
hope is that on some level everyone
would feel uncomfortable with something
you know and that there would be equal
slash mutual discomfort but still within
the realm of saying like yes I can like
the article we read for Aaron's class
about making moral decisions in the
sense that like how far away from my own
opinions can someone get and still look
like Jesus enough for me to welcome them
into community you know I mean so that's
kind of like the way I conceive of it is
it possible is it realistic I don't know
I don't have a lot of hope for it a lot
of times and I mean like what I was
gonna say in the car
one thing I was gonna say it was like my
own personal desires are different than
that on some levels like I don't want to
compromise I don't want like I feel like
like no you stupid straight people can
you know fucking compromise something on
your own for once you know what I mean
like that's like my gut reaction to it
but like people like you and people like
Matt and people like other friends that
I have who are
like gay and Sullivan make me like
rethink that and say like or even like
ex gay people I know and deeply love
like those people make me say like can't
think that like you can think imma see
of being videotaped and put on the
internet so but I understand that like
those are my those are my gut level
reactions at that but do I believe in
something higher and something better
even though it's really really hard for
me to say that you know what I mean so
yeah I don't know if it's realistic I
have no idea well just have to see what
do you think is the most important
lesson I'm learning at this stage in my
life oh listen I'm only 27 so you got
three years on me
at this stage of my life you brought up
the age difference so that's what it
feels like to me well I mean honestly my
sister's 27 and so like I feel like with
her we've had to navigate that I think
like our release it was so different but
like would that made me like like I was
always like the big brother that was
like that knew everything and you know
and you know I taught her stuff and like
kind of paved the way for her and I like
coached her into the stuff and then like
she became an adult and she's like I
want us to be equals and shit like and
she fought for that and like I fought
you know I guess it's her like for a
while until like we were like I got you
could see like how my like always
thinking I knew more than her was was
hurtful to her mm-hm
and so like we like over a period of
years like got to this point
of a quality and then she's like you
know when she finally felt like a firm
and respected as equal she's like oh but
you're always a big brother I always
look up to you I'm like no it's anyway
like take this in that you know in that
kind of line
I honestly think you learning how to be
an adult right now and you've been
biologically one for a long time they're
like like I've watched even in the year
and a half since I met you like the
decisions you make like our more thought
through now like you know like going
like even things as simple as like I'm
going to bed early cuz I've got to work
you know seriously you know like I'm not
going to yeah have have you know a third
beer when I've got to do you know
something else are like like making like
prioritizing your life like reconciling
finances like I'm just like I feel like
like doing all those things and like
delaying gratification you know choosing
to do work and study and just general
life ya admin rather than just like fun
yeah it's like stuff adults do so like
you hear that you're hearing where I
kind of like yes no I'm very aware that
I'm surrendering to adult life it is a
surrender
I mean you fought I fought longer longer
than a lot of people I know stubborn
yeah that's good to know yeah what would
make you end our friendship dang I don't
know um friendship it's really
aggressive question - it's very
aggressive not what would make our
friendship and what would make you end
it what would make me yeah like what
would you have to do for me to end it I
tend not to end things relationships in
general like they may
I mean I can see like if we had a huge
fight or something an argument and we
didn't talk about it and we just kind of
like drifted apart but there's no like I
can't imagine like I don't know I mean
you just have to be a totally different
person for me to imagine an action that
you would take that would be so drastic
for me to say like I just can't even be
a friend anymore
like you'd have to steal my girlfriend
or something you know and that's not
gonna happen so um you know it's
something on that level of like it's
just not a friend move you know I mean
like we just actually let's just call it
what it is we're just not friends
anymore but I really don't see our
dynamic I was like we really just hate
talking about things and we're really
bad at compliment so because each of one
of these is like mentally and
emotionally intense yeah okay how have I
changed since we met and how do you
honestly feel about it honestly I feel
like I've seen a few changes
one is the adulthood thing that I
already talked about which i think is
great another I feel like so I feel like
I have a lot of ambivalence and we
haven't really talked about this but
it's really good that we do like with
your look personally I'm really glad
that you stayed here rather than going
to Texas
me too on so many levels
yeah I think like so you're you're more
like I feel like the change that I've
seen
with your kind of more like I'm leaving
kind of x-gamer old like I'm I'm being
like I'm committing to moving in a
direction toward like a long-term
relationship with a woman and and then
actually like finding one and like like
finding ways to to shift theology and
like and like integrate your faith with
your sexuality like like I feel like
that's been hard for me too
to know like how to respond to mm-hmm
because I don't know hand like it's
really good to see you so happy mm-hmm
you know like during when I first met
you and not just that summer but like
that fall that winter I mean I didn't
know if you're gonna make it sometimes
during that winter when you and she will
not be naked you know you know you were
treated really badly you know and yeah
but also like there was just was a lot
of inner turmoil mm-hmm just seeing that
and like so as your friend like to see
you like more confident more happy like
in a relationship with someone who who
like really loves you
not just is using you mm-hmm like that
brings me a lot of joy and like I see a
lot of really good things from your
relationship Morgan hmm
and yeah at the same time like I don't
think that's what God wants mm-hmm and I
don't think that like your ultimate
flourishing is gonna come from that yeah
and so so I mean that's like the change
and that's honestly how I feel about it
like there's a lot of I'm like both
really happy and really sad about it
I think in some ways like it's like you
have to live your life you know yeah and
you're responsible before God for the
choices you make and you know but I was
hoping for a while like that like as you
were going through that deep rustling
process and integration that like you
come to some more conclusion and like
life practice that I am and then like I
mean I think it's some ways that make
what we have even even deeper of like
like I think we found ways across
disagreements and choices like to really
love one another well but there and like
I don't think this divides us but like
it is a difference you know and it does
make it more complicated
mm-hm and yeah I just I don't feel like
I don't yeah I don't even know like so
I'm being really honest I don't want you
to feel this like a like you abandoned
me you're kind of thing but because it's
not that but it's more like like it's
it's a really lonely sometimes
mm-hmm being gay a little bit and so
like having others not like not to be
like you know to prove like it's us
against the world or like you know we
have more people on our side or anything
stupid like that they're just like yeah
I just let you know but it's nice to
have someone it's nice yeah that's my
totally get that
yeah I mean there's I think there's a
lot of things that we avoid because of
that like emotional places that we avoid
talking about because of that I know I
do because I don't want to cause you
pain and I feel the same way like you
know like I like and absolutely because
I you are you worry me Joshua like
you're think it's just you're older and
you're smarter and like oh maybe I'm
doing this wrong like this is you know
what I mean
I mean I I think about that you know
like I really do wonder because you
are the first person I've ever met like
I mean coming to California was the
first first gay Christians I ever met
ever who were living full and good lives
as gay and as Christians and like in
relationships are seeking relationships
and you are the first person I've ever
met who has a full like view of life as
a gay and celibate like you're the first
case element who I've ever met who
didn't your your point and your whole
reason for living wasn't denying
something but it was living into
something and that terrifies me because
I'm like oh like that I could have
gotten on board with possibly you know
what I mean yeah and and I feel like I
often don't bring up stuff you know
because it's just like I you get enough
judgment like from other people mm-hmm
and like I'm like I don't want to add to
that like and that's not even what I
have but like yeah it's whole I have a
hard time thinking what I can write but
it cuz it's not it's not judging you but
it's like like knowing that I disagree
with something that was like not only
very dear like very central to you like
as a person but like a relationship
that's you know like really really
special and my friends with her as well
yeah like I think I just often just
don't go there because I'm like hey
what's the point like you already know
what I think and you know that I like I
love you across our differences and you
feel the same way and so like yeah I
talk about it if it's just gonna make us
sad yeah that's kinda how I feel about
you so but it yeah you're right it does
kind of create like there's that barrier
there for sure the rainbow-colored all
fit in our room yeah was that your
question you're like nope how's your
question okay
so bad at this game well we basically
just answer this
what do you honestly think I think about
your girlfriend she's awesome judging
well not judging from but knowing having
known that she asked you about the
situation we talked about earlier you
might think she's a little insensitive
or too forward just say it nicely I'm
really sorry about that by the way I was
like I'll give you a mulligan Morgan
yeah but that's it that's it yeah yeah I
couldn't believe that so possibly a
little bit insensitive into forward but
also yeah fun and loving and kind she's
great she is and I feel like you you
both offer a lot to one another you know
like there's there's aspects of
insecurities in both of you that like
the other helps bring confidence to and
yeah I mean I've really I think that's
one of the things I appreciate most
about your relationship this is like
it's a good relationship Damon you
really care for one another and yeah I
think very highly of her that unpleasant
experience no soon sometimes people make
mistakes this has fewer mistakes only
one no you get one
okay how do you think my current
relationship with my girlfriend is
affecting me and my relationship with
God to God I also kind of talked about
this earlier yeah I haven't thought too
much I mean honestly it's a lot of
judgment in this question like judge
judge judge my relationship judge my
relationship with God too and then put
them together
I have to think about that more I'm not
like I'm willing to answer it but I just
agreed anything you say it's kind of
like it's awful yeah I would I would
love it it down and I don't think I'd
love for you to answer it either now
we're like in the car right now for me
answer for myself yeah absolutely not
not me telling you definitely yeah
extrapolating to judgments from exactly
okay
should I go again because I'm sure you
said I had two extra ones anyway so do
you ever think about changing your
choice like I did what's that scene
several times a week yeah yeah anything
I kind of the biggest thing is just like
it's funny too because it does any like
the brothers they so like they saw
emphasize God's love and even though I
mean I'd say most of them are fairly
traditional in their sexual ethics like
they're like for them their biggest
thing is like these like German and
French and like Belgian and Italian kids
like are trying to figure out like is
there more to life than like you know
sex in my education and yeah like does
God even exist and so for them like
they're not talking about like so and
they have I mean I've talked with them
like how do you your handle when gay
kids come out you think it happens all
the time we were just like like we don't
even say what we what we think we just
were just like you know help them
process like their own thoughts and then
talk about how much God loves them and I
think like being surrounded by that
so I'd say like in terms of my own like
that's affected my view of God - yeah I
think for in a largely a positive way so
like even when it comes to like you know
my my mental and theological convictions
like we are just in my mind and I think
they're rude it outside you know
yeah I'm just me there's like lots of
other people that have thought that like
that's that stop saying but even though
like say I got an emotional level oh my
god
would you really like not be okay with
this you know so but yeah I mean the
biggest thing is you know trying to
figure out like what what pleases God
hmm like that's always the first
question yeah and I mean I think if that
were in my like in my mind and my heart
satisfactorily answered mm-hmm I don't
know that anything else would stop me
yeah when I initially was thinking about
this like five years ago when in like
crisis mode okay do I really like what I
really believe about this I'm like yeah
I am I was holding and you know a deep
desire from coming to pass I mean that
was the biggest thing you know which I
had a lot to do with interpretation of
Scripture and you know community I mean
thinking about my parents and you know
would give me pause something cuz like
in my family like if I brought a
boyfriend home for Thanksgiving mm-hmm
my my dad would not him a little super
well mm-hmm like I think he would be
he'd be really upset my mom would like
be surprised and like but she probably
finds some way like to like I mean maybe
even change with what she believes yeah
you know in order to like open up space
for me and my sister be like it's about
time you know
Oh anyway she's like she's like she's
like I can't stand it that trick she's
not pro-gamers like this is like
something that's so important me and
like you know all this stuff and just
like that's day away that's my family so
I was like you know and dad mom me
sister and like we're on the spectrum so
but I mean think that enough had stopped
me
probably not pause I think the only
other thing that would stop me and I
kind of alluded to it earlier is feeling
like the things I'm called to you know
like racial reconciliation like trying
to flip the tables on your liberal
capitalism and like you know but tear
down the you know the influence of the
rich in politics stuff like that yeah
like those are hard enough things in
conservative Protestant communities and
I'm like if even if I think if I came to
the conclusion that their their sexual
scruples were stupid mm-hmm for me I
think it would definitely be a judgement
call of like like this is this would
throw them off to such an extent that
I'd lose them as an audience and the
other very people like I'm trying to
reach and so then it would just become
it become a question priorities and I'm
not sure what I would choose yeah I'm
sure you would choose yeah like I used
really though like like I think probably
you know ask me Monday Wednesday Friday
Saturday Sunday I probably say I choose
the husband you know but like a couple
days a week I'm like you know what I
would be I would be okay with like I
continuing to hold back on I'm like you
know a sexual relationship if that meant
that like I could have like do really
fruitful justice and reconciliation work
you know if that weren't the case like
if you had to like very starkly choose
right right and this is ideally a bit of
a weird
and ideally it wouldn't be lunch I had
to yeah even that so like beaming that
that's a vocational question and there
goes back to like the first thing of
like how do you please God so that's
really there's only one thing yep is
that your question we're getting close
mm-hmm
what makes this friendship work the way
it does mmm I think our mutual weirdness
definitely I think and I really like
hugs and there's a lot of trust yeah for
sure
trust hug in this I seriously I think
that's what holds it together
probably so get your head in the game oh
yeah this is my question
who is your favorite person from today
and why oh that's a great question
[Music]
okay I can't just alone one but I'll
give a couple Beckett you know sorry
this is what I do
I changed the questions brother Emil he
was like my mentor he was twice my age
when I was there he's like almost 60 now
and he joined the community was 20
he's Wow he was like someone who helped
me put into like InFocus the things I
was already feeling and that I'd already
been living uh-huh but like he's like
he's like Joshua if you're gonna be
celibate he's like take it from me you
can't it cannot be about primarily focus
on deprivation yeah like your priority
needs to be opening yourself up to
beauty and and just like you know the
the yes has to be deeper than the no and
like you know and like all this stuff
yeah and he was just and just for
someone who live and he I think he's
straight I mean we never talked about
that but I mean we talk about my
sexuality and he was super gentle and
encouraging and and I was like crying
and his office and he was just like he's
like Oh Joshua you know there have been
so many so many saints that like have
served God you know with the same
feelings that you do and you have a
vocation so I think for him like he was
really great and I mean the guys that I
lived with they were they were awesome
some of them drove me crazy but but most
of them were like your hate right like
Stefan he was this Austrian guy who
would like had one arm and he like he
had Hugh dogs like joke with his
prosthetic arm like you drop's like what
did you do to me you know I'm like there
you go who's from Argentina he was a
lawyer and then he like like I don't
know I want to become a mystic like de
France and like yeah but he would drink
this like highly caffeinated like
tobacco tea called Matta and like drink
it together you do not need caffeine I
can't even imagine that
so you I'd say those are some wood
pull that like that the most of you cool
good answer
when do you feel that I judge you and
why do you think that I do I don't know
if judge me I think to me judge is like
a the wrong word to use like for you
because it comes with a very like
arrogant and like condescending tone and
I don't ever feel that from you but I
think maybe in I'm very aware of you and
what you're thinking about me in
meetings if I'm like speaking without
grace or like off-the-cuff or like in a
way that's not necessarily understanding
or helpful like I'm all very aware of
you in those moments and I just can't
stop it from happening sometimes it just
keeps coming out of my mouth and I'm
just like stop stop so those moments so
Joshua use nice words yeah and I mean I
know like the whole relationship thing
like you disagree with me but I don't
feel judgment necessarily yeah you know
I'm glad because I don't yeah like I
don't feel judgment about me or about me
and Morgan or anything like that
I really think you're in my head more
we're partners now
I know but you're still in my head when
do you think you're betraying your faith
maybe at what moments do you think
you're betraying a fee hmm I think I get
moments of sexual fantasy probably not
primarily because of the you know the
gender of the person the way that it
fits it's more that like that I'm you
know imagining interactions with people
some of them not even covenant with
mm-hmm
and I'd say within our community there's
just a couple people that annoy the piss
out of me and I I actually said an
apology last night just like no I feel
like I cooked team I was really rude to
you I was really short I didn't tell
this person that I was just super
annoyed with everything that they did
now they kept running into me and asking
me dumb questions and like yeah but like
when I treat people way their house was
retreat mm-hmm which I think fits under
the first one yeah yeah yeah that's good
you know like that's I would that's how
I would categorize yeah big fancy
I have four left how many Jeff hmm I
think we covered this what do you think
mind to be celibate I think it's very
challenging to me it is a beautiful and
full way of living life that I know that
I will never experience I'm very aware
that my choices are will leave me out of
that kind of life and that I will never
experience life and God like you will
because of that I think honestly from
being really honest so but at the same
time like I know that like I don't feel
called to that I've never felt called to
that like and it's part of it it's just
part of its that and part of it is just
the way that my life has gone like my
journey with God has led me here you
know and like coming trying to come to
grips with that and realize like mmm no
I didn't take somewhere and study
theology and decide to change like
happened you know like I wish it was
that way so I can defend myself against
people but I mean this is just how my
life has happened and I'm yeah that's it
that's it I think yeah that OCD part
knows I've been arranged yep I did
notice that see my pile here that's fine
that's your choice just noticing I do
have we can have different choices
little train it's a good dream all right
what's the most difficult thing for you
about being my friend that I'm not aware
of I don't feel like it's very difficult
to be your friend
I feel like the challenge is that there
are you're already aware of and we've
spent the last hour and a half talk
cover them yeah yeah yeah I don't think
I have anything bad cool what is the
pain me you'd like to heal Oh
what is the pain me maybe pain in me
that's what is the pain at me okay but
what is the pain in me you'd like to end
it definitely the loneliness yeah I mean
if I could just have a magical wand that
doesn't change anything about your life
but that heals something I mean because
that is like a depth of just a depth you
know that I understand on some level I
don't want to claim that I understand I
don't ever want to claim that I
understand someone else's pain but I did
live for a year thinking the way that
you're thinking and that I will I will
never be with anyone I will never like
this literally never an option for me in
going about my daily life or in the
future and that is just like
insurmountable you know it's so I'm
gonna stop describing how painful it is
now cuz you get it yeah so definitely
without a question that's what I would
fix Thanks yeah I wish I could
yes do you ever feel okay do you ever
feel like you're betraying your faith by
being my friend
no that's never once either connects
question what makes you think you're
making the right choice about your
sexuality I know okay I don't know I
mean there are days where I I mean and
it's oddly enough like Film Festival
like global ground causes me much a
guinea really yes it's it causes me it's
always the most stressful time for me
yeah like I sexuality yep oh my god oh
my god I'm doing it wrong I'm doing it
wrong I'm doing this is bad I've made a
bad choice what am i doing I know no I
trust me I feel the same way I'm like oh
god I fucked up so bad and now I can't
change it oh it's like oh no but then
like I don't know I
that's lessening as I go as I move on in
my life from like that year you
mentioned I mean yeah that was like one
of the worst years of my life hands down
I you know cuz getting distance from
something you can kind of see it more
clearly and understand my own cuz first
for that whole year I couldn't even
articulate what I was feeling you know I
couldn't even say out loud like what you
know people will say like what's
happened what's going on I'm like I was
one of those people I know and I
literally I can't I cannot literally I
can't verbalize it because I don't know
I don't know if that's like a me thing
like I take a lot of time to process
even very small things and just daily
things like the thing we talked around
the car about like Hannibal people
versus people people like that but you
know like that situation I it's been a
like a week or so yeah of me processing
through how I feel about it and what
what am I actually feeling so like
through why have I chosen to be gay I
don't who knows I'll probably understand
in ten years but I think the thing
concrete thing I've come to now is like
I have never I've never let go of God
and I've never let go of my faith and I
really like there were some very
concrete moments that summer that I
decided to like not move to Texas to
stay in California and essentially that
was my decision like if I had to make a
hard and fast decision as to whether be
celibate or like dating people that
would have been it like but yeah so at
the before before that moment like they
were very like I had very specific and
meaningful experiences with God and that
kind of like pushed me in that direction
and like I don't know it was weird stuff
like hope for the future kind of things
like like just little things like I was
so I was just I don't know I was
happening inside of me that summer like
thinking about my future and life and
God and just things like it's really
really dark right now but there's light
up ahead like I remember like feeling
that like those words and how can I
ignore like the process I guess like how
can I say
like I've I'm pursuing you God like I
want you and like this is the process
and this is the the way it's gone I
guess like I don't know that's the best
answer I have and like I mean I think I
don't think this can be an answer but
then like Morgan just makes me so happy
you know and I'm like but then that's
just I know that's just like the shallow
like but love you know but it makes a
central level it means a lot
yeah so I can't yeah I mean happy
really love her so like she calm those
doubts of like I've made a bad decision
I'm screwing up my life kind of thing so
yeah I'm you know all of those things
are true okay do you secretly hope that
I will revert to God's chosen path that
is a loaded question I don't want to
answer this one come on yeah so they're
assuming that you know what God's chosen
path is yeah big big bridges over your
nose so I'll say both do you think that
that's I mean maybe that's what they're
getting at oh do you know what God's
chosen Palace Rhea both reframe the
question and also make it not secret I
mean I I think I can't even believe this
I don't think I know what God's chosen
path for you is you know do I secretly
hope that you'll you know change your
mind back I cut I mean it's
I guess and no because I've I feel like
I don't know when I I feel like I was
hoping and that I don't think I was
super secret about it but I didn't we
just didn't talk about it you just
assumed like I was hoping you would you
would choose you know the same secreto
think that I've got um but then when you
didn't I kind of assumed like this is it
like that like your whole life had led
up to this point I'm like even though I
maybe could not have articulated it the
way that you just did you know you're
like when I chose not to move back to
Texas
mm-hmm like that was the choice and I
think like deep down I got that mm-hmm
and I think my my bigger hope has been
like that you won't because what I've
seen some people do is like when when
they like come out and like they find
like a different way of integrating
their faith in sexuality like then they
turn on the people in the past that have
like said something different and like
like it the the push the blow back of a
reaction is is really fierce and so like
my hope was a it's like Kristin you know
don't forget about you know the rest of
us like yeah yeah and so I think and I
think you've been fair on that it's hard
for me to even it like answer that
question like do I what I hope that you
know that you and and more because I'm I
love your relationship I'm kind I've
heard of other relationships where like
a deeply committed couple you know like
still lives together just you know chase
Li mm-hmm know that I honestly I haven't
I haven't thought through like what my
hopes were
your life would be like and I kind of
had just assumed like you know you've
made the choice you've made so we could
talk about that more but that's I think
that's all I have to say right now I
don't think sighs I know you're your
chosen path or God's chosen path for you
it's definitely a loaded question all
right
hmm so we have loaded questions what
would you change about your relationship
with your family jeez my immediate
family does not talk about anything as
you know so like anything important much
less my sexuality yeah or me in general
but you know so yeah it would be nice to
feel like an actual part of my family
because I feel like not a part of my
family especially now I feel like
they're distancing themselves even
further but what am I gonna do so yeah I
would change that I mean I would
definitely change yeah their ability to
have difficult conversations yeah
because they suck like really bad come
on Spencer's come on come on my family's
pretty cool get your head in the game
your last one why do you love me you're
great
we're friends like I don't know how to
answer that yeah it's not because of
what you like things you do for me
although I appreciate them it's because
of who you are I think you're you're
wonderful
Thanks and yeah just I'm very grateful
for and there's a few really good
friends that I've made in California and
you're definitely agreed
mmm-hmm what's the one lesson you think
I can learn that will really help me hmm
what's the one lesson I think you can
learn that would really help you this
train is going to the station how do you
feel about these being wider apart than
me I'm not looking at it okay the bigger
thing is this the bottoms of the tops
are even less than that you should learn
I just I feel like you're perfect in so
many ways I don't know if I can answer
that good that's my view of you I don't
know
I don't know if this is a lesson but if
I had to pick out a flaw for you yeah I
have one I have a lot of bonfires and
you drink a lot of my beer and you
rarely bring your own and sometimes it
annoys me I love sharing and I love
being generous so I'm never gonna tell
you no but since that's the one thing
man
just bring a six-pack every once in a
while well I know it's hard because I
drink a lot of beers so you just don't
want like you know I can easily kill the
six-pack
yeah that's probably a butter got any
work on offering rather than just
receiving hospital receiving yeah you're
also you're very good at that was not
meant to be a critique on your all of
your hospitality abilities yeah just the
beer drinking someone that's been a
financial thing - yeah but absolutely
you're not like rolling the dough and
you find a way - yeah well yeah maybe
that's a critique on me I should stop
buying beer