that's okay
when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember I charge you a
dollar tease Kevin's bathroom and you're
not never formally introduced yeah it's
never next time at the same house isn't
it what's your favorite thing about me
your brain because you make up for my
lack of at least teaching me stuff all
the time so I always appreciate it
that's good for conversations where I
don't really know what's going on with
other people good you'll fill in then
what do you love about our relationship
I like that we're always trying new
things and even though my favorite thing
is that would really like different
things but our morals and where we come
from are the same so you know your
friends and your interests I have my
friends and my interests and but we
still have fun no matter what we're
doing or with who were hanging out with
me too when do you feel closest to me
when we're in bed
what are you hasn't it to tell me well
I'm not going to tell you because I'm
hesitant about it just like family
issues and stuff like that probably the
things I think about that I want to say
that I know I shouldn't say um if you
could change one thing in our
relationship what would it be and why I
would like it if you loved every one of
my jokes that I because a lot of them
that I say are really funny you just I
think you just tell yourself they're not
funny just to get a rise out of me but
who has more power in the relationship
you or me I think you could go either
way I think like emotionally you do
because you hold it together better for
the both of us when like I'm stressed
out you're stressed out but I think is
terms of like planning ahead for the
future and like keeping us on track for
our calls
I agree with that too and then we're
both hard-working so we're both aiming
for the same goal yeah so that's where
we come as a team yeah I think we both
keep ourselves on track in different
ways yeah tell me about the time I
disappointed you and how do you feel
about it now I think I know what you're
gonna say
I don't think
[Music]
stern on challenge I don't I can't think
of the last time that happened well you
don't have to think about the last time
it happened you could just attend to
block the disappointments out so I'm
worked up about them for the week or I
think about them for that week but after
that week I honestly just erased them
out of my head cuz that's not how I like
to look at you I look at you for all the
positive and good things and it's always
been something that I'm good at is
getting passed up moving on and now
letting it come back to bite me or to
bite you so I don't think I can think of
the time that you really disappointed me
that is still on my mind how have I
changed since we first met
what do you miss about me well you're
definitely not as like almost squiggly
like you don't drink as much
okay
[Music]
we're doing ok expand a little more that
are we like jumping questions too quick
I feel like we're nervous I feel like
I've been happy with my answers no I'm
just nervous because I feel like usually
the time your talk about this stuff a
lot just not in front of other people so
I feel like are we ok with the end
compressor running yeah to go over that
okay so how have I changed since we
first met
what do you miss about me ok so since we
first met now you are not as crazy and
all over the place and they think you
have different goals
more like amateur goals realistic goals
realistic goals and you choose your
friends differently
which I like because some of your
friends are bad eggs yeah
[Music]
I don't know I feel like in a way are
still the same and just it has changed
and like I don't know it were just
different people now and things are just
different like I don't really miss
particularly anything I don't know you
get used to her glasses I like doing
even less but it's like other than that
we've just have grown and matured a lot
we're growing together that's what's
different about starting to be in a
relationship so you miss that were
learning from each other's experiences
yeah do you see us getting married yes I
do and when I don't know so it's a big
question you know every time going home
for holidays as you know people are
asking me I get a little nervous about
it yeah you run away I guess I go grab a
beer at that point and you know I just
get away the question but it doesn't
mean that I don't love you you know I
love you it's just you know financial
concerns has always been the big thing
as far as when you get engaged because I
want to be ready for it but you've also
taught me that it's okay to get engaged
early and you don't have to get married
within a year like everybody my family
has done definitely can get engaged and
just be engaged for however many years
doesn't matter so do you see us getting
married yeah eventually he decided made
it clear that you're gonna make the call
but I mean like I said I know I
definitely want to wait to be engaged
until I'm done with grad school okay
yeah yeah you know just definitely just
a money thing but mentioning that
doesn't hold back our feelings for Asia
I know it just it's definitely smart to
wait until this doesn't make sense
blowing money on
if we're together really I like that we
talked about getting married a lot
because it's kind of like almost like we
are engaged because we're just talking
about planning for the future all the
time you're getting ready for it so it
seems like it's just gonna be a ring
finger yeah that's the only difference
I feel like go to freak people out to
say how much we talked about I don't
know if that's normal or not but I'm
okay with it
when do I embarrass you every second if
ever do you like that I embarrass you
does it bring does it make you look I
mean yeah sometimes it makes me laugh
and you think like oh he's so endearing
you're like yeah that's Tim like what a
guy then sometimes I'm like oh my god I
just please stop please stop like that's
a aggravate you don't talk yeah
sometimes is it when we're alone that it
aggravates you or is it when yeah we're
in public that it's like only on the
rare instance like in public does it
really embarrass me like that one time
like oh you would have been so
embarrassed of me tonight I'm like why
would you do it you're like I moved the
bar perfect but you know we're in public
and you're doing it for friends or like
you know acting goofy silly it's just
it's just what you mean when you just
cute but when we're at home and I'm like
studying you're trying to get stuff done
it's like I don't know why I just gave
you it sometimes but that's more
annoying you than embarrassing you know
yes I'm going and embarrassing you just
got to keep you on your toes
yeah I guess I'm really never
embarrassed one just annoyed and that's
rubbed off on me because you don't
really get embarrassed that much but I
used to get embarrassed a lot yeah he's
very easily too and I think that
definitely calmed me down as far as
things like that good I don't get I
don't feel like everybody's watching me
at all times
oh yeah it doesn't matter like if you
are confident in yourself like who cares
and other people think if you want to be
silly an embarrassing go ahead that's
exactly what I mean you're always
telling me that stuff which is always
helping I appreciate it okay who would
struggle more if we broke up that's a
hard question I don't know I I used to
think you would be you would struggle
more just because you've always said
that I am the one and only and that if
we did break up you want to have another
relationship and I think I always used
to think not having that would kind of
scare you but the more I've learned
about you it would also be okay because
you're so independent too if that if we
learn together you know obviously I
don't want to happen yeah
if for some some reason it did happen
I do think you'd be okay too because
you're so independent and I think you
would just go do all the things that you
know being in a relationship with me is
kind of prevented but you have always
told me that it's worth it taking yeah
you know not moving out to California or
not
you know working on a national park
right after school or anything like that
which I know I can and I brought you out
to New York City you wouldn't have come
out here if it wasn't for me so um yeah
maybe my mom would just take care of it
yeah I think you would definitely shed
more tears than I would but I did I
don't know I think it would beat me up
and I think it would just feel like a
border both of us because we have so
much invested already and we just talked
about like you know one year five years
ten years in the future and it feel like
everything will just get derailed yeah I
definitely I would I'm stressed about
what I'm gonna do for the next five
years with you with the teammate I can't
mention with nobody you know I think I
would make some poor decisions not like
bounce any ideas off anybody and I like
having you as the person I'm bouncing
off ideas with because I feel like you
have a level head but in a completely
different way than I do
yeah that's like the way our brains work
is completely different but you know we
also come together in unison yeah he's
off of you - because it's like sometimes
I'll be like way too serious and it's
not gonna just go for it what sort of
thing it happened doesn't work out new
plan yeah and you give that right back
to me because you know I can say it a
lot easier than I actually do it yeah so
yeah I mean if this was a couple of
years ago when we are going through a
tough time maybe that would have that
would have been a very difficult
question to answer but it's cool to you
know ask this to each other and realize
that we're so far past that at this
point yeah we don't it's not even in our
mindset that's good
am I the best sex you've ever had and
you are for me too in case you are
wondering what's the hardest thing about
the relationship
the hardest thing about the relationship
I think you hit the nail on the head the
other day when we were talking about it
it's just like dealing with family
coming in towards us where we know we're
strong together but then when we hear
things from our family and it's not like
they're trying to tear us apart by any
means but it is just you know you're not
getting along with Dan sometimes or you
know not liking the way Sarah comes
across you know anybody else in the
family like some stuff just rubs you the
wrong way you don't like how it how
easygoing we are sometimes like let me
just blow stuff off and don't really
yeah tackle issues be kind of big nor
them my family so I think that's
difficult but that's also you know
within our relationship I have those
problems do that's rubbed off on me all
my life being with you know a family
that's like that so yeah I think that
you know slows us down sometimes I mean
don't make it sound like it's just me
having a problem with their family
because I know my family yeah I'm angry
but do you think that's our only problem
or do you think that outside forces
coming in Yahoo I think within us like
money's the biggest thing and it's like
so obnoxious because it's like so beyond
their control look I feel like the
things we can control like emotional
things or physical things like we're
really good at handling and not only as
individuals but as a couple but like it
really sucks that we have like all these
big plans and it's just like riding on
money yeah like this big move that we
have coming up is gonna be yeah that's
gonna be a big test for us to see if we
can just you know take those next couple
of years to save money and then move on
with our life because
I feel like we're in between steps you
know I mean we we did this experience
and we're ready for the next one but we
got to take a breather and get ready for
that next step but yeah money is awful I
think it's ruining us
that's not ruining us it's just yeah but
we are just so eager to buy a house to
do all that stuff and we're always
talking about it and thinking about all
the improvements we're gonna do on the
house yeah but I won't either pretty
soon yeah but it's a risk that I'm lying
the take for a better future for us I
hate that I'm gonna be leaving my job
just because it's stable but I just I
just have yeah I just have a hard time
with like big changes and that's why it
stresses me out but I think it's
definitely gonna be worth it I know but
I just don't know we have like this
timeline in her head of like Oh wouldn't
this be on so we could have this by then
and that by this time and all this stuff
and it's like if the finances don't line
up then it just gets pushed back right
now that's scary yeah yeah how long is
it gonna actually push back till we can
actually get ahead okay my coat on my
left breathing yeah or you can use my
black hoodie oh yes gonna be less
noticeable
I'm like triangle okay chattering sorry
I'm glad it's cold if it was why yeah
what is our biggest challenge as a
couple well finances but also to I think
sometimes when we get like worked up or
stressed out or whatever there's not
that we're miscommunicating but like I
know I try really hard to get my point
across and I feel like sometimes it just
falls to deaf ears and I know that
sometimes when you try to talk sense
into me like I just don't want to hear
it because I'm like so involved in my
own headspace and I think sometimes like
that's the biggest challenge is letting
the other person in cuz then the second
like you let me in or I let you and done
it's like instantly resolved mm-hmm I
just wish sometimes I could happen
sooner like hearing each other out and
arguments and not just and just say like
I mean that's like that's just but
without actually understanding they're
like just say that keep hammering you're
like my pointer you're playing yeah and
it's it's funny because this we feel
like the other person's not paying
attention or listening when the actual
arguments happening yeah but then as
soon as it's over and we cool off you
know five minutes later when we just
talk about it
we understand where each other are
coming from and if we don't then we can
just clear everything up which is
something that is pretty cool I think
because we used to argue for like up to
an hour yeah exactly
yeah I agree and now it's just like we
can have a five-minute aggression
overload but then we're just once we get
it out we are fine I'm not saying I like
arguing but I like the way we argued way
better than we used to
I obviously never want to argue but it
happens its life you know what would you
do if I cheated on you I would break up
with you do you know where I'm coming
from with recent relationships or past
relationships sorry and you know how
much that affected me
yeah and how long it took me to get over
that stuff and that I gave it another
chance and it just made things worse I
know you wouldn't do it to me Matt I
mean you asked the question I yeah I
don't think I don't the reason I would
break up with you is because I don't
think I could ever forgive you as bad as
that sounds I just know from the past
that I could never forgive somebody for
doing that because I'll never understand
me because I would never do that to you
so if maybe if I had done it to anybody
in my life that would be one thing but
since I haven't then I don't understand
I mean what you're saying I feel like if
there's ever someone to cheat it would
be you mm-hm
why because I think alcohol would be
involved and I just think you would just
get drunk and you know not like Oh what
are you gonna say drunken Tina
you're like no but I just feel like I'm
more aware of things do you think it
would be me going after it or do you
think like it's a girl was like really
hitting on me hard oh this is weird this
has never happened because I don't think
I would be going after it because when I
go out drinking uh stuff I just want to
hang out with guys and like joke around
and get all my bad jokes out so you have
to deal with it at home you know I think
that well the person I am like if I ever
felt that urge to be involved with
another guy or something like that I
would just be like hey listen this is
working out like I would never do that
to someone especially you be had yeah
like I even if we weren't in a good
place
I'm like way too much respect for you
just as like a human being said okay not
yeah it would be discussed before it
would even have a chance to happen I
feel like yeah we're two specially after
what you went through like to invest and
you know how do I take you for granted
really worked up I just I don't think
you really take me for granted I think
sometimes you you forget to realize like
what I've done to come out here and like
what I've given up to come
here but like I don't hold it against
you I just I wish you'd I wish I was in
the forefront more because I feel like I
did a complete 180 like in my life and
in my mindset too I wanted to be to like
come out here with you and I feel like
that gives you a little bit of leverage
in the relationship but like I don't
think you take me for granted I think I
had a lot more leverage before but now
that we're both like we want to get out
of here I feel like we're cool on that
but you know I mean the rides and stuff
don't it's out in that air but they
shouldn't it's my friends no no it's not
so much anymore but just like when you
would say I'm not being there for you
and you know listening to or
understanding your feelings are like
caring for you I think that is something
that you take for granted because you
know I'm always there yeah I know I was
there I think a lot of that was like
through counseling I've learned like
that was your way of like being there
for me and comforting me and like doing
things for me but it just wasn't up to
my expectations it's not that like I was
taking those things for granted life you
would do that and just wasn't what I was
expecting
yes it seemed like it wasn't happening
and now I've learned that like that's
what you're offering and that's what you
have to give and I need to appreciate it
would you think it's changed since then
yes yeah I think that's what's changed
absolutely
okay how much porn do you watch really
period I don't watch porn I sometimes
I'll see some like a Sports Illustrated
swimsuit pictures that are pretty nice
but I know a joke actively searching or
anything like that what about you no but
yeah we kind of came to that agreement
that we once we got the opponent or
relationships that we just kind of
wanted to have I think once we started
living together and live work one
distance it doesn't really make much
sense to be yeah and it was also like
yeah we want to provide that for each
other we don't want to have to look to
other outlets cuz that's what I feel
leads to the cheating thing and that's
why I think it's easy for us not to you
know watch porn because we can you know
we just look for each other in that do
you agree I never really thought about
it like leading to a cheating thing but
I think I mean if you're watching if
you're if you're watching porn you're
going somewhere else to satisfy those
needs I feel and I feel like if you can
do it virtually behind somebody's back
then you can do it physically behind
somebody's back and I mean so that's why
I feel like it would lead to that and
that's why I don't think it is good for
relationships except except Sports
Illustrated sometimes it's you like
looking at like you you like cuz I like
your Leonardo DiCaprio's and you're you
know big movie stars and stuff like that
and I like you know
yeah because I used to have the app when
we started dating I can't read this
okay I get that once I think it applies
or skipping that one yeah they kind of
have you ever chosen porn over me yeah
we kind of fun am it a way to make it
work yeah I'm very long distance what do
you think is the next step in my
relationship
well moving to Buffalo saving some money
and figuring out where you're gonna go
to school there PhD hopefully yeah where
you can you know after you get some
applications well I was obviously
getting engaged at some point um
hopefully before the HD program starts
yeah before going back to school I hope
to be engaged not married because we
won't be ready for it but financially it
won't be ready or time that's like it
yeah yeah we need this next couple years
yeah absolutely I think it's gonna bring
a lot of extra smiles into our
relationship I think we have a lot of
happiness but I think a dog is really
gonna bring us closer and make us
happier as far as just a family kind of
thing you know yeah and I feel like in
our relationship
you know where you're always looking out
for each other and stuff
you know that you know like through
counseling stuff like I've been looking
out for myself I really wish that you
could do that for yourself like you know
we definitely are constantly working on
ourselves says like a couple I feel like
I work on myself a lot with help as an
individual I know you do things to
individually but I feel like if you talk
to someone you could get even better
insight on yourself and what's going on
and I'm not I think it would just
transcend like everything work
relationships family life like I just
think you would benefit and I'm not
opposed to it I'm just lazy about it I
know that's that's what's so frustrating
because we always talk about it on the
weekends yeah well me going yeah about
me going to a counselor but it's like I
can't call it set up an appointment
right now because it's the weekend and
they're not open I'm gonna just pushes
another week so when you're young that's
the time to like be like yeah I am
making mistakes or yeah I will throw
myself like whole-hearted into this cuz
only good can come from it and I know I
just really think seeing how much I've
been I thought benefited from it I can't
believe that you weren't like sign me up
yeah I know
and I well and I know how much I benefit
from it too from when I was counseling
in college yeah you gotta help me a lot
through some hard times so and I think
it's gonna be important to when we move
home to not like just get my advice from
Dan don't let our family specialist in
one direction yeah you know yeah and if
they do to talk about it and not just
like let it fester like something that's
like somebody makes a comment don't let
it just sit and sit just talk about it
be like yeah that really rubs me the
wrong way in here yeah if I say
something so yeah our communication
could definitely improve too in our
relationship yeah
maybe most mostly my emotions because I
feel like you tell me your emotions a
lot but I'm just like it was like I just
kind of coupe it up and don't think
there's time for it
so there wouldn't be something I'd like
to help I think it would help our
relationship anymore yeah but I think it
would really just help you it would help
ya help me and us I know cuz you remind
me of things when I actually talk to you
about them and you'll bring it up like
next time it happens you know in real
time you'll tell me like you're you you
know what this problem is you've done
this before they remember this is what
you said you wanted to do to fix it in
and it always helps so I think if I
boost my thoughts and emotions more it
would that's why I think it would help
us
how do you feel after this conversation
okay I feel like a lot of it is stuff
we've talked about before there's a
couple questions that like I think a
couple years ago would have like really
upset me and we probably left and it
would have been like I don't feel like
I'm second-guessing all these things but
I feel like this was a good experience
and we'll just laugh about it and I
think I feel great I think we don't we
know that we don't really have as many
conversations as we and I have and it's
a lot of it's just time and when we're
home we just want to relax and not I
know but we don't talk about stuff like
well yeah I guess we do tackle a lot I
feel like I mean I don't really know too
many couples that are like in our
situation but what do you want let's
compare anyway yeah I think we could do
it more though like we can always do it
more I know I think if we came up with
some questions that you know like when
we're driving back to Buffalo it'll give
us something to talk about you know what
I mean instead of trying to you know if
there's downtime trying to make
conversation or just trying to agree and
what we're gonna listen to we could talk
about stuff for our future more to like
we did that time coming back from
Vermont like yeah we had a really good
conversations
I feel like I bring up a lot of things
and I feel like I can tell when you're
getting uninterested or uninvolved in
the topic you like tuna sub doctor talk
about some stupid or like I don't always
have to bring serious stuff up like you
can bring up a question yeah it just
doesn't come in my head I don't know her
that well yeah but if you want more of
it like I guess that's it I got my own
stuff going I can't always be like
making flashcards for those like just
talk about it I don't care
preferably not when I have a test the
next day or something which is always
spring up well I think you're a little
on edge in that at that time too so I
think it sparks a little quicker are you
getting four hours of sleep
it seems nowadays so it's now or never
how do you feel I feel good my stomach
feels a lot better
any other last questions you want to ask
me that you were hoping was gonna be the
next question yeah I was kind of hoping
that I would ask you what what do I do
that annoy do not embarrass do I do
anything embarrassing yeah what I get
embarrassed to win I get embarrassed
when there's something that happens you
know we're in conversation with some
friends and they send say something that
you find either not funny or offensive
in some way and I'm just like I in my
mind I just let it go because there's no
reason because it's just bar talk so
what does it matter
and you get upset and like it seems like
you get really upset about it to me and
it makes me uncomfortable cuz I think
you're gonna like start a bar fight
that's not a fight but just like say
something and I just get nervous
sometimes when I want to avoid those
situations but that's who I am and I
know you're not like that you're very
upfront about stuff that offends you or
bothers you and I'm more like I'm just
gonna ignore that and I think that kind
of embarrassing that happens sometimes I
just don't speak