when you think about the first time
we've met what do you remember
kathan hmm I don't remember exactly the
first time we met but it was definitely
in your mother's kitchen and I was
nervous about meeting you because I knew
that if you didn't like me then I
wouldn't be as comfortable coming to
visit your mother anymore did you think
I liked you I wasn't sure
right off the bat huh
I remember you bringing your little
sister with you when you came okay and I
remember my mother thinking that you
were the precious little angel when you
came to my house so you found out I
wasn't so mean after all I didn't think
you were mean I didn't think you would
be mean I see cuz I knew a lot about you
from your mom talking about you so I
expected you to be a nice guy but
doesn't mean that you want the little
thirteen-year-old kid from next door in
your kitchen all the time I see so you
were 13 only mm yeah
[Laughter]
that was quite a while ago that was
quite a while ago yeah where did we go
from there I think we better pull
another card oh I think they want us
answering question I see ah this is a
good one what do you love about our
relationship oh I guess first of all I
guess a love for each other
but I think this came up in our
anniversary party that we just had the
the support that that I get from you
day to day support for that matter but
in my racing career the support that
you've given me over the last 10 or 12
years and in that and the life that I
had before Katherine you who have been
so sympathetic I guess I should say
maybe and so supportive of that as well
whenever something before our
relationship comes up then you're
willing to talk about that and share
with with me whatever happened before
and that's nice to know especially when
my family is there we can talk about
that and and I think here you feel real
comfortable with that so those things
are important and aside from the love
that we have in our relationship an
Apogee card okay
what do you think connects us Katherine
hmm what connects us
we have interests that we're comfortable
talking about we we have things in
common but we also have things that are
different and I think our respect for
each other's differences is a good
connection
that's a funny funny question not really
sure how to answer it would you like a
new question
maybe all right we can do that I'm
supposed to ask the next one Oh
[Laughter]
what is your favorite thing or
imperfection about me favourite thing or
everything or imperfection about me I'd
rather discuss that one at home you want
to say my favourite thing your favourite
thing it's either/or Oh
either/or yes Oh imperfection yeah okay
your imperfection yeah that's a good
time to answer that one procrastination
and that's your favorite
you know imperfection but it says
favorite okay done favorite will go with
favorite what's your favorite thing
about me or your favorite imperfection
favorite imperfection is your
fascination about not opening your mail
I almost ate only deliver mail once a
month pardon I really wish they'd only
deliver mail once a month that's not the
point of getting your mail every day no
and you don't win your mail when you get
your mail not a week later that's my
favorite imperfection perfection that's
a good time to bring this up
yeah okay
Catherine what are you hesitant to tell
me but I never want to open my mail ever
again Oh what am i hesitant to tell you
hmm
this could bring out some things that we
don't want to talk about it oh she said
it was like therapy well one obvious
thing that I don't like to talk about is
the fact that I'm probably going to have
to live many years without you and
that's not a pleasant thought
and you're hesitate to talk about that
yeah because this is gonna make me cry
but you know we really need men it's
gonna upset you that I'm crying which
will upset me even more yeah yeah we've
talked about that before that we need to
talk about that to be prepared for that
yeah okay okay
oh this could be difficult if you could
change one thing in our relationship
what would it be and why
I don't think I would want to change
anything in our relationship no except
for me to open my mail quicker oh yeah
we've already covered that no I I'm not
going to come up with something on that
No
I have to
in the relationship do I make you feel
secure as a woman it's a good thing you
drew that card or it's a good thing you
drew that card oh and didn't read the
one under it okay yes very much so
yeah I'm I think I'm very lucky to have
you for a husband because I feel very
safe and very secure and very well taken
care of unlike a lot of my girlfriends
who don't get the same thing from their
husbands it's it's a lot of little
things that you do like just now in the
hallway we came out of the bathroom the
group of us and the way we started down
the hall you were ahead of me and you
took about two steps and plastered up
against the wall and made me come
through ahead of you and and I know
you're gonna do that and I count on you
doing that and and I noticed that every
time and I notice that every time when
you hold the door for me and every time
you switch sides with me on the sidewalk
so you're between me and the cars and
all of that I mean I work all over the
place and that's not the norm and I
don't expect it from anybody else
because it is the norm but on the rare
occasions when I'm on a job or around
other people who who do the same thing a
lot of times it's just once or twice and
then they forget about it so it's it's
pretty rare when you get somebody who's
the same caliber of gentlemen that you
well thank you it's very nice to hear
plus I let you sleep on the right side
of the bed all the time to it on the
right side well on the same side okay
[Laughter]
yes thank you and if I ask you to switch
when we're in a hotel so you're between
me and the door you don't mind yeah
hole you might not want to answer this
one am I the best sex you've ever had
the best yeah without a question that is
not something I can answer that one real
quick what's the biggest challenge of
any relationship of our relationship I'm
sorry what's the biggest challenge of
our relationship hmm it's really broad
like currently I don't even know how to
answer that the biggest challenge of our
relationship ever was getting through my
parents freaking out about our
relationship but biggest current
challenge
hmm I don't know what do you think
I don't know that it's a real challenge
but if there was a challenge is probably
our age difference there's probably a
that probably one of the biggest
challenge of our relationship and so far
that's not a challenge today as it was
seven eight years ago it's less of a
challenge less of a challenge today as
it was back then or the day that we got
married I don't think either one of us
feel pressure about the our age
difference that we today that we did
back then no okay
what do you think I'm learning from you
not to open your mail by everyday
[Laughter]
I I don't know that you are learning
from me once upon a time you helped me
learn how to parallel park parallel park
yep
you remember teaching me how to parallel
park yeah yeah yeah oh I I hope to teach
you how to ride the motorcycle at some
point in time which we've talked about
and talked about and talked about I've
never done yeah we need to do that so
but I don't think I'm a daily you know
on a daily basis were probably not
learning from where we've probably
gotten through that I think I've learned
a lot from you you do yeah how so uh I
did not have very good communication
skills when I first met you of course I
was 13 well I think you've opened up a
bit more with working other people but
you've also done that through your work
yeah Jewish Walsall but you're really
good with people and I've kind of
absorbed some of your your ways of
talking to people and putting them at
ease and carrying on a conversation
sometimes I'll say things and I'll think
that was Melvin mm-hmm so
mm-hmm I've learned a lot from you well
thank you yeah that was mine I think
it's your turn that was your you picked
it up from life I did probably that's
that's fine
what about our dynamic dynamic
relationship terrifies you slash
relationship yes what ardent dynamic or
relationship terrifies you
just the the thought of outliving you
hmm that's really the only thing that
terrifies me okay
you don't think about that a lot to you
yeah you do thank you
I try not to what I do maybe you better
talk about that some more not the night
but okay how does our age cap affect our
relationship I don't think it does I
don't think it has since since we've
been married
it doesn't affect my relationship does
it affect you at all no I wouldn't say
so I mean that even even when when we're
out somewhere and someone says is this
your granddaughter this still doesn't
affect me yeah it still doesn't bother
me
ya know kind of get a kick out of it
actually no you do yeah so no doesn't
affect me
do you trust that I can provide for you
of Kathryn right now yes
I do feel pressure to do a better job of
saving for the future because of the age
difference but yeah right now
absolutely
mmhh Oh comes back to that other thing
when I'm not going to be around again at
some point in time mmm
yeah okay
what do you think I'm missing out on by
being with you well the first thing
comes to mind is having children yeah I
can't think of another thing me neither
and we have a lot of fun with no kids as
I don't know we've talked about this
before and I don't think that that is a
large issue with you so I don't know
another thing that you're missing either
and I think we did we discussed several
things before we got married
and if there was anything bothering you
then I guess I'd better not say that
sitting here but you know what we
discussed before no I I don't that would
be the only thing yeah
what are you afraid of what are you
afraid you are missing out on by
I don't know what that word is but
missing with me what are you afraid you
are missing out on by being with me I
think I'm gonna put my word in there
okay by being married to me
[Music]
that's kind of the opposite of the last
question right
I can't think of anything I mean I don't
I don't have to make a decision about
having kids or not because that decision
was made before we got married so I
don't feel like I'm I don't I guess I'm
not afraid I'm missing out on anything I
don't think I am okay
how do you really feel about us not
having children I feel good about that
yeah yeah me too I have two children and
if that's fine with you then we
discussed that right early on right I
feel good about that yeah I do too
okay good who sacrifices more in our
relationship and how do you feel about
that
I don't think there's an imbalance I
don't think either one of us
sacrifices more I don't think either one
of us sacrifices a whole heck of a lot
to be in the relationship
and I think if you have a good
relationship is a give-and-take yeah
situation now I really don't think you
think about that I guess if if anybody
is sacrificing is probably you when
we're at the racetrack yet
now you degree weather and you're
suffering from the heat yeah something
like that but you choose to go with me
so is that a sacrifice yes
oh I think that's a give and take
yeah type thing yeah okay
what do you wish you could heal in me or
what pain would you take away I wish I
could help you somehow with your weight
problem you seem to be fighting that all
the time and don't seem to be getting
anywhere so I I guess if I could help
you with that somehow then I'd like to
do that you have some other problems as
well and I think that might be part of
those problems with your with your knee
and legs there somehow and maybe we
should work on that
yeah somehow
so I think we should discuss that maybe
it's more okay okay
what's the most difficult lesson you've
learned from being with me
that you can think that you can trust
people and you can't and I'm talking
about the people who
rejected me when we got together people
that I thought would be in my life
regularly forever and I have little to
no contact with them now because of our
relationship because of them freaking
out over our relationship and them
cutting me off so I mean I can think of
a lot of people that I thought I'd still
be around all the time and and they're
just out there anymore right yep
cut me off and the relationships are so
far damaged that they couldn't they take
a lot of work to repair them and that's
not worth it
so you learned that there's a lot of
people you just don't trust anymore yeah
so be a little more worried yep okay mmm
don't get so attached to people
if they go along with that what would
your answer to that question be I think
there can be a lot of answers to that
question really
yeah I guess the difficulty in
explaining situation to people who just
don't want to listen to think that are
staring right in the face and they just
kick it aside and they're still dealing
with that in my work yeah yeah even
though you go way out to explain it to
them and they still all good example of
that is the minister what when we were
in that situation today no back down the
other one yeah the other one yeah
exactly
mm-hmm okay
do you believe that there is of the one
for you and am i it do I believe there
is the one yeah like people will say oh
I found the one for me like there's only
one good fit for a person oh yeah
absolutely but I would go to say there's
I can take that a little further and say
there there isn't anyone and I give an
example of that love at first sight in
other words we live in Courtland and
we're together okay yes you are the one
there's no question about that
absolutely but suppose you live in court
and I lived in California
there would be one out there too
wouldn't there there'd be one important
for you when there'd be one in
California for me
so yes you are the one because we're in
Cortland oh there's two there's two
there's two at least two
when we first met and started courting
what was the hardest thing and how did
you overcome it the hardest thing was my
parents finding out and freaking out and
[Music]
back to me saying that I learned a lot
about communication from you because I
didn't learn good communication from my
parents and so pretty much everybody
stopped talking at my house for a long
time and yeah read the question again
when we first met and started courting
what was the hardest thing and how did
you overcome it I don't know if I've
ever told you this example but people
will sometimes ask me or I've been told
people are proud of me for going after
what I wanted which was you and not
giving up on it and even though my whole
world went to shit for five years and
I've always thought that was strange
that people thought think that that I
was doing something brave and I have
said I really feel more like I felt at
the time more like I was the
three-year-old that didn't want their
dad to go to work and I sat on his foot
wrap my arms and legs around his calf
and just cried until he stayed home
because that's what I felt like like no
this is this is what I want this is who
I want to be with no one else's back to
the are you the one question no one else
would make me happy after knowing you so
it's either you were nothing baby and if
it wasn't gonna be you then I was gonna
throw one hell of a fit mmm so a
communication was never all that great
no okay what do you want me to take away
from this relationship covenant with you
the fact that I'm going to leave before
you which come up two or three times in
our conversation already so you need
your confidence to handle that
confidence in what to handle your life
your situation what I'm not there
anymore
well that's what I want you to take from
this relationship confidence to handle
that I don't sure you will
[Music]
what are your three best memories thus
far
just three
one of my favorite memories and this
just came up I was talking to Jessica
and one of my favorite memories is all
the time we used to spend in the
driveway at night trying to say good
night to each other and not wanting to a
lot of stargazing a lot of dragging our
feet a lot of wondering what on earth we
were going to do with all these feelings
we had that we hadn't shared with each
other that was that's a favorite
getting married that was a fine day it
was do you remember what you said to me
when we walked out of the house no
everybody was standing outside under the
tree waiting for us and our people
walked out ahead of us so we were the
last ones out and I hadn't figured out
how to manage music and how to get it
playing and how to shut it off and who
would handle that and I just know music
so we're walking out everybody's being
perfectly quiet you don't remember what
you said you said this feels like a
funeral and I knew what you meant I knew
you weren't saying that the wedding felt
like a funeral but it was quiet and
everybody just standing around waiting
so that always makes me laugh I see
but the wedding was fun and long
anticipated and long anticipated okay
and so becoming your wife definitely a
favorite memory and a third one
it's not really one memory but all of
our travels mm-hmm going to Ireland you
letting me drag you all over and Alaska
and Hawaii and all our trips across the
country and on the motorcycle those are
all good memories mm-hmm do you have one
to add no I would I would
aside from or what you mentioned in the
Alaska trip which probably would be on
top of my list yeah yeah okay I'm still
mad I didn't get a picture of that first
moose the one in the lake mm-hmm
remember that yep
why do you love me why what why do you
love me whoo
ah you my soul mate my friend my best
friend and I can depend on you there's a
whole bunch of reasons yeah as I said
before I get fantastic support
you tell me you love me every night when
I go to bed because I still do every
night that's important yeah okay even
though over forty five years apart
even though why you love me lots of
reasons cuz you're good to me and you
[Music]
treat me like I'm your equal even though
I have 45 less years of life experience
and I'm not anywhere near as smart as
you are and I'm not being sarcastic
you take care of me and you support me
and my crazy work and and it's because
of you that my relationship is as good
as it is with my family it's because of
me mm-hmm
because after the way they cut me off
for as long as they did I I wasn't in
the mood for reconciliation and it was
because of you saying this is the only
family or ever gonna get you need to fix
things with them even with me saying I'm
not the one that blew them up doesn't
matter you need to fix things with them
[Music]
and I'm grateful for that
because things are better now than they
were when they blew up before they blew
up yeah sometimes you have to take the
bitter with the sweet
