I've enjoy listen to you talk I'm doing
listen to your thoughts because I learn
a lot from you even at this age and
stage in my game you know yeah I like
the fact that we have a partnership it's
not a dependency right it's not you know
it seems healthy compared especially
with past relationships right and I when
I'm when I'm feeling a little
off-balance with whatever the life is
throwing at me I know I can come to you
and tell you I got your back okay yeah
okay whose turn is it not true my turn
again okay
what are you hesitant to tell me no it
doesn't there might be some times where
I think maybe twice about talking to
something a subject but then I always
end up talking to you about it because I
know that I'm gonna get a solution if I
do yeah
so I don't think I've ever really
hesitant to a point where I'll keep it
in for two or three days and not talk to
you about it okay your turn
yeah what is the sexual fantasy you're
afraid to ask me oh I don't have any
sexual fantasies with you I mean it's
just you and me I was afraid of that I
mean I like our sex life you know it
might be far if you between but when we
have sex it's good I mean I don't think
about having other partners or a
threesome or anything like that no way
no been there done that got the t-shirt
thank you - on the hood of the car the
kitchen counter about trying how am i
different than your other lover
your your there you love me you know my
body you know what I like it's not just
sex it's love it's true making love
that's what it is you know how to make
me feel good even if you're just holding
me and you're kissing me the way I like
you to kiss me you start the cheesy porn
soundtrack now when my turn okay if you
can change one thing about me what would
it be
I have a suggestion I think that's a
good question change anything about you
I know you get the reason why I don't
want you to get your motor get a
motorcycle even though you've done the
course is because you know you had that
episode on the bicycle where he crashed
four times so your sense of balance yeah
I was thinking more along the ways that
like I the things I like to always put
things in their place and I'm always
moving things around and it kind of gets
you a little bit no that's just part of
the game I wouldn't change that okay
it's irritating but I wouldn't change it
okay okay your turn
what is a mistake you see me make
repeatedly why do you think I keep
making it
I'll pass on that one putting my coffee
cup in the wrong location one wrong
location that's true yeah it's just
something you do that's why I take it I
put it in the same location it's
something that I'm not gonna be able to
change okay so that's it that's really
nice take that you see you can never
find your keys I could never find my
keys or my glasses place the coffee cup
goes in the same place but my keys in my
glasses never go in the same place all
right my turn
oops wait man I'm taking up to what's
the big rip what is I'm sorry excuse me
what's the biggest compromise you've
made that I haven't acknowledged
that's a good question to really think
about that that you haven't acknowledged
no I think we communicate well I mean
the biggest compromise is your cat's you
know and I'd rather did not be in the
house but we've done pretty good on that
now they were in towers and outdoors now
they used to be not I did compromise but
but let not let him in the room little
by little they're now in my bed yes I
was thinking more along the lines about
you know you coming into my life and
mommy and daddy died and then I have the
house and compromise you know that I
don't know if that has anything to do
with that question I don't know why that
thought came into my head when I was
thinking when I answered that ask that
question okay maybe I'm just going off
the wrong direction next question it's
yours huh why do you love me
uh-oh that famous question mm-hmm I love
you because you're strong and you're you
make me laugh um you're there when I
need you you're there when I don't need
you you know you know what I you know
you know when to stay away from me when
I need my space you just get me that's
it you just kept me I love you because
you make me you know just I enjoy
knowing that I'm gonna come home to my
house and my husband and that's great
why do I love you that's a
million-dollar question it is that's a
tough question you know I knew I loved
you the moment I saw you and it was kind
of intimidating because I didn't believe
in that but it was an overwhelming
feeling and then to you know our
friendship grew and get to know you and
your mom and and then I saw that just
the super kindness that you show to
everybody
and that you're honest you know it's
you're very forthright with everything
and you know you showed your
vulnerability and you know do you like
my sense of humor you get my sense of
things and when I pulled up on my
motorcycle that day and you said that
you love motorcycles I got a passenger
seat and what did i do didn't I get on
the back of the motorcycle one time
until I got the passenger seat I didn't
know yeah and we went around the block
that was so much fun I hadn't been on a
motorcycle in a long time and then we
drove down to Black Point Marina with
the guys and that was a nice day that
was our first date that was our first
date yeah that was a nice day yeah and
then the guys were texting each other
saying that they would go you guys make
a good helpful and blah blah blah well I
wasn't privy you weren't privy to it
yeah I remember that day my turn
is it that's the last question watch
that table what excites you about our
future together okay it's a two-part
question
what excites you about our future
together and why
what excites me about our future
together
I get excited about the plans that we're
making with the house and remodeling the
house I know it's gonna take obviously
some time in the future let's go your
pain I just but it excites me and when
you come up with new ideas of how to do
things you know I like that because you
really got nice plans I'm looking
forward to going to Italy for a month
that'll be fun yeah
traveling traveling traveling and doing
more diving that we like to do since
ever since you taught me how to dive I
really enjoy it I really enjoy it you
know me I tend to stay in the now and
and we talk about the future and when
we're going to retire because we're not
we're not any young chicks yeah you're
gonna retire I'm gonna retire and a what
yeah ten more years I'll be retiring
technically I can go for a little bit
longer when our plans for that you know
moving maybe up to you know that's
exciting
I like that okay you return you want to
go on next question what do you think
our friends don't get about us no
our friends get us they even compliment
our relationship on several occasions
when we get together with them correct
yeah I think so I don't think we have
any issues there no we have no issues
there they enjoy our company they enjoy
our expression of love word you know
when we express it we're not we're not
blatant about it but they do see that we
are good to each other and good for each
other and they acknowledge it maybe the
only thing is is I get II you know how
he is
who Eddie Eddie but well yeah but
Helsinki you just that's just his
kibbutz thing around well he sees that
he's he doesn't see their roles as being
traditional because I do a lot of
cooking correct
so he makes fun of me for that right
that's just it just hit me yeah I think
that was my turn next one's yours no
mm-hmm see how the cards are facing okay
there oh oh this is a good one how was
my mother's passing affected our
relationship mm-hmm I think it made it
grow
it was it's given us more my mother
loved you adored you I guess it's more
time together yeah but it left a little
bit of a void because I really enjoyed
the conversations with your mom the
others sometimes when you when we're
talking you say I miss my mom miss your
mom but it was
you
okay ready
hmm
well I like that question it means a lot
to me you had such a short time with my
mother what was about a year or two
maybe a year and a half no two years two
years of getting to know my mother a
year as friends and then a year as we
were doing right and then she passed
away two days after we got married in a
civil servant
so and then you guys really connected it
was really nice to see that I think it
brought her a lot of peace no waiting to
knowing that her daughter her baby
daughter was going to be okay was gonna
be taken care of I think you're right
about that yeah okay okay okay oh you're
getting wishy on me
you can ask me the question or not I am
this is the most difficult question yet
you're not sure you want to ask me or
not I'm gonna have to pass on this way
oh darn oh that's not nice okay okay is
it my turn then nah my curiosity that
was the question well see that's funny
how we just we just when we're presented
with what we have to ask somebody we
can't do it but then I was we can just
talk to each other I mean I don't have
any questions I really want to ask you
know like what do you want to do for the
rest of the day we figure it out we're
gonna go to Espanola Way I mean we've
been together for four years now four
years three years married you always
like - Wow this you always like to
conclude the civil marriage when I only
include them right this will be two
years two years the church wedding
church wedding but in July will be three
years we've been married so civilly how
do you feel our relationship has grown
well we don't have any secrets you know
you know everything about me
more so than I've ever told anybody else
in my life and I think we very
comfortable with each other do you think
we're comfortably if I naturally do yeah
I think I know we are you know I know we
have little bumps in the road and
everything but I think we always seem to
work it out because we seem to
understand well stupid time sure thing
we signed up don't sign anything
[Laughter]
and you know the attorneys that get us
out of that don't worry ya know that we
are you comfortable with our my our
relationship to you what would you want
to do to change it to make it grow
stronger or just let it let God do its
thing I mean really that's up to just
keep doing what we're doing just more
often only to since I have you know
because I really do believe we've both
been blessed with beating each other
because we both in there Leonor that's
the right time older right person right
time right we're not we both were
thinking that we weren't going to find
anybody I wasn't looking you know I
there was a slip there was a moment of I
went off into some kind of tangent but
then I went back into the straight line
again and then I gave up I just let it
get everything go and then sure enough
she came into my life so things have
just been good I really like you that's
good I really like you yeah any other
questions no what about you I really
can't think of anything I came up with
questions you know I know I've met some
of your past boyfriends yeah talk about
everything to you that's true remember
that one incident that we are I was a
little nervous crazy sister is your
crazy sister yeah the family is family's
my crazy face yeah yeah we're doing okay
that's good all right nothing else huh I
can't think of any more questions okay
any more questions any more questions
for you survive
yeah but and you'd let her be her you
weren't trying to you know overwhelm
here with your concern like I see so
many people do with their parents like
my mom oh no time when she fell when I
was opening the door daddy you gonna
start now
I'm gonna start now okay are we ready
yes start how much time you get on a
card for video with these cameras ready
yeah okay here we go uh here's a good
thing we're just talking what did you
love about my mom we were just talking
about her yeah we're taking a break
look what I loved about your mom was who
she was she was she was smart she had a
good sense of humor
you know her experience having served in
the Navy that was incredible
you know something Navy veteran she had
a good life she had a good life
she had a good life and she had a good
perspective on everything you know we
sat down that one day and she said what
are your intentions with my daughter
that was so funny
I wish I didn't have daddy to do that
daddy would have said that and then the
jokes we you know she she laugh at the
joke we've got to death Oh was that
Chinese dinner remember the Chinese
dinner when we were having Chinese and
she couldn't figure out what she wanted
and you said well why don't you have
some young guy and then she didn't
realize it until and then she put her
shoulder her head on your shoulder I
never really forget the expression on
her face that day mostly what I loved
about
was just her warmth and her love for
life and her acceptance of life you know
even the way she handled her death you
know when she went into hospice showed
just a really deep knowledge and
understanding
she was just an exceptional human being
no tears
whose turn is it now it's her who has
more power in our relationship
the power doesn't even come into our
relationship that's what's beautiful
about now there's no power as a team
needs you know yeah that doesn't even
the concept of power doesn't even come
into our relationship no we're good
together and you know if you want to do
something on your own I'm fine with it
if I want to do something on my own
you're fine with it so there's it's not
a power struggle and that's what's
different yeah yeah I don't know if it's
us if it's you know the wisdom gained
from years of attempts to get it right
it could be a little bit of that I know
we have one other we have you know you
were married before and I was married
before and we obviously know exactly
exactly are you sexually satisfied am i
sexually satisfied are you sexually
satisfied well yes yes
good are you
yes absolutely no question oh it's
returned what's the pain in me you'd
like to heal
oh I'm open to it if you know that time
that you got upset that I was making
breakfast for you the pain in me that
you would like to do that it it's you
explain that pain to me sometimes when
you're you that you you wanted me to do
I'm trying to remember that one thing
that looked like you go back I can't
wear I can't express the feeling I'm
losing my okay
like I unders want to understand that
one like like insecurities that you come
that comes up every so often that you
experience you know what I'm talking
about now I know what you're talking
about but I see it differently okay then
tell me I want to I don't think it's on
line with the question okay okay that's
okay that's everything that popped into
my head
okay what's the pain in me you'd like to
you next question I guess we're going
next question who loves who loves who
more in this relationship
how would you measure that and that's
one of the things that we talked about
you know it's different the different
ways we show love you have a different
level of love than I do that I've always
told you press it differently you
express it differently than I do if I
had to answer straightforward that
question if that question was to me I
would say you love more in this
relationship doesn't mean that we that
we don't love each other you know to
death to his part it's just that you
your level of love or your concept of
love is a lot different than my concepts
of oh nothing wrong with that
there's nothing wrong with that I love
you no matter what yeah just you know
the things that I do to try to express
it yeah
I think I just do more free yeah you do
more people no part of that it has to do
with you know our schedule I work two
days a week you work five days a week so
I have more time to do it all right all
right and you express your love by you
know cooking me nice dinners and then
cleaning up and surprising me and stuff
where I don't really get the opportunity
to reciprocate I sort of feel bad about
that well we'll work on that I'm not
buying that you don't know how to make
chicken hmm what would you do if I
cheated on you oh yeah
I don't think I could do that what would
I do what would you do if I cheated on
you I would probably tell you not to be
around I don't think I can live with you
knowing that you cheated on me because I
would never trust you again yeah that
was a I think that's one of the things
that we've discussed yeah if you have a
need it can't be filled in the
relationship and need to step out just
tell me yeah as long as I know what the
rules are the relationship I'm willing
to play right I would never would want
it to come to that mm-hmm I think that's
the other thing that aging has to do
with us we don't have you know that
we've been there done that got the
t-shirt exactly we know what's you know
it hurts risk it hurts it's not worth
the risk
right the payoff is not worth the risk
right so love is definitely more
meaningful and gratifying than sex and
that's what both of us understand so
that's it I think that's a very good
that's a very good question well I think
that we handled like oh oh you're trying
it's my turn what's the hardest thing
about our relationship those are just
the hardest thing about our relationship
is our differences and that's you know I
was talking to somebody at work about
that anytime two people come together
their thought processes their history
their experience is the way they do
things are different you know you look
at things like when I place the coffee
cup on the counter in front of the
refrigerator after I could get a drink
of water and is it not being in the
right place and you said it by the
coffeepot and I can't understand how
every day you say where's my keys to the
point I said we're gonna get a t-shirt
made up that says where's my keys but
you know so those little kinds of
differences they're not really that hard
to do it's not the elephants that some
mosquitoes yeah I don't say man
those are the little things you know the
way we both said in our own the way I
Drive is different than the way you
drive right I tell you directions and
you tell me other things and those are
not really when you think that this is
silly little things they're heart and
they're too hard yeah no it's the
differences is I'd rather you know I'd
rather be learning a new song on the
guitar or learning to play the bass yeah
because I tend to watch mindless TV and
watch TV they get that would relax me
mindless TV relaxed me yeah after a long
hard day of work I would like I'd like
you to get more involved with the music
with me well I do one I have them
interested in playing the what is it
Congress the Congress okay I think it's
something that I could probably would
get had a lot of fun out of I think my
personality would work with that yeah
that's that's the one I guess I'd be the
one thing in our relationship I'd change
to going back to a previous question
because I mean I enjoy reading some
books with you and we'd go into some of
the same movies but a lot of times the
just the TV shows that you'd like to
walk watch on a regular basis I'm not
dinner in terrestrial okay how do you
scribe me to others and no does that
mean nicknames
- like hmm I described you as bright
intelligent you know honest sincere
loving faithful you know I sound like a
puppy no I mean if they ask but they
don't really ask because you've already
proven it when we have our you know
social gatherings with our friends I
don't have to your self-explanatory I
don't have to yeah
when we with our friends there is no
question about it they see the qualities
in you I don't have to explain it to
them yeah that's a good one no I don't
I've described you to coworkers when it
cuz subject comes up yeah a lot of them
made the comment wow she's beautiful
it's like you know they were surprised
to see you with me but and I don't see
you know I your egg you're very handsome
I look into you know I look at you and I
sometimes when you're not seeing me or
shit you don't swatch you don't know
that I'm looking at you I see you is you
know you're a very handsome man and I
what you know I feel comfort and safe in
ya know the naivety that you have and
that you're so genuinely nice to
everybody
to the point to sometimes it concerns me
okay my mother was like that Mommy was
like that you know when you're engaging
with homeless people and giving them you
know had the other half of your lunch or
whatever I always tell your safety yeah
and you you know you work downtown and I
just you know you I guess you know our
experiences I've seen a lot more of
kind of the bad stuff in this world and
I and I understand you know you got to
kind of keep your eyes open and be
responsible if your own safety and you
don't seem to do that sometimes because
you just seem like a lot you just like
life is so I mean I give people the
benefit of the doubt yeah whatever yeah
okay that's part of the differences I
guess and our experiences in life so
good me okay alrighty then
oh this is a good one do you think you
do you think you're meant to be together
and why there's no question absolutely
absolutely I mean that's I mean it's
it's unfortunate you know I think about
what wouldn't have happened if we had
met each other when we were younger but
then I think no it would have never
worked it would have never worked we
were meant to be together now he knows
you know that's one of the things that
we talked about when we first got to
know each other and you know and some of
our mutual friends knew about me before
you knew about me was that you know with
relationship history and the past
divorce and just the dissatisfaction
with the dating and you know very casual
relationships that I just decided you
know that I wasn't gonna do that anymore
and that if I was going to be intimately
involved with somebody would be somebody
that was my wife right right and I made
that decision eight years before meeting
you right and and you know it got to the
point where okay if it doesn't happen it
doesn't happen the day I saw you I knew
and that's I love that story
I love that story when you tell it yeah
I do it was overwhelming and feeling and
it was almost it caught me off guard it
was almost you know like like had
experience as a teenager or something
which has been a long time ago and you
know I I had a lot of mutual friends
there were very attractive women that
you know and we felt like that towards
anybody in the day I saw you I knew that
I knew there was something there and it
baffled me like that blindside about yet
so there's definitely I believe
something very powerful put us together
put those together absolutely
and is there a second is there an it's y
know there's the s we answered the Y I
think I had to I think it was just our
time to be together in our lives to have
a relationship like this in our later
lives after we've experienced all that
stuff you could be right about this you
know yeah that's yours
that's yours what lessons have you
learned from previous relationships
you're using none I am not using any of
my past relationships with our
relationship I rather not go there what
lessons have you learned from previous
relationships that you're you are using
in ours I would have to I think the
number one lesson I've learned from
previous relationships is to completely
let go you know whether you know I took
a chance when you know we were friends
and I told you you know
wasn't i wasn't going for like just a
casual relationship it wasn't gonna be
mm-hmm a relationship and we were just
gonna you know that I'm and I was in it
so I learned to be honest and to allow
the outcome whatever it is to be exactly
what I need that's what I've learned
from past relationships not amusing in
ours you know I can speak to you
honestly about anything that is going on
in our lives and I accept the outcome
the consequences of that you know and we
don't try to change each other well
we've had to adjust that's only natural
we had to adjust because you know it's
just the way it is yeah that goes back
to what I was saying before them the one
of the things I love about you is that
you seem to accept me with all my flaws
or you know both assets and defects or
whatever pros and cons and I feel the
same way about you
hmm
