okay so tell me why you're happy so I
[Music]
get like a little jealous kind of right
all that could give them the Lord over
like I get no anxious about what's a
little it was just you know where does
it stand for our relationships and I
[Music]
and I think what I most appreciate and
why even even is if I just simply start
dating
I might appreciate organization shape
because in monogamous relationship you
don't know what's gone wrong unless you
really and putting on a poly honest I
think the structure is also like it's
structure is kind of given but at the
same time on this rules we create the
structure we create our own relationship
and we create our own trust and rules
right as I think that I think that's why
most most appreciated
last time like animals you know the
walls
jealousy is to me this in Venus gels and
music while somebody else has and
jealousy is the fear of losing a
connection that's why I like that so you
know if I feel that I trust you and I
trust her a relationship even if you
were to start dating other people as
long as our relationship stays strong
and I felt that you were not dating over
your head you were happy and comfortable
and I would you know I would feel good
about this situation but jealousy comes
in at a time where I feel like I may
lose you too either you walking away or
leaving me for somebody else or getting
involved with somebody who is you know
for a competitive standpoint who is that
looking there me or my shapes and media
were is you know more fitting to you or
somebody who speaks Japanese Lily or
somebody who is
ever reason if you were to start
becoming involved somebody who is more
fitting for you in some way than me you
know I'm sure I've had like a little
flash of jealousy but that would be
overwhelmed by you know this the
commitment that I have to our
relationship and the trust I haven't you
so while jealousy exists its overwhelmed
by conversion which is my why you'd be
happy so if you didn't meet somebody who
you know was the guy who showed me be
sure to share some guy on Facebook who
is writing you and starting with you or
something like that remember that was
some normal guys Riggs a model is all
fit good-looking guy really ripped
really good shit I'm like okay I mean
this guy's clearly a gym rat using
amazing shape is that something that
turns you on the great and for an
instant I did feel like wow all right
I'm not matter of shape I can't compete
with that because that's just the way
were raised to think we're raised to
compete for the affections of our heart
Commission
I like the way that makes me feel so I
guess that's the last time I tell jokes
what when you should make this your job
to spray with jealousy new public
competition be like all right well that
guy is better than me at this
a long way around long way to explain
but it isn't is it important because
yeah it's not theirs nevertheless myself
I'm a panic jealousy but how you feel
what is how maybe it was fun because
jealousy is like jealousy is not a bad
emotions that rewarding light not a
dashboard it tells people oh this is
this something you need to check in
figure out why you feel that way and is
this okay situation and that was not a
situation because you know I don't think
that any of these situations would take
away from you even if you were to start
seeing somebody else I don't think it
would take away as long as you and I
were connected I'm just like what's your
fantasy do you know - yes he's not good
I don't have you know like I don't want
me to feel like you know each other and
like oh crap you still love each other
so you don't have to worry about to us I
don't like using gels it's a positive I
think if it's too much like
possess attention so that means sure it
feels nice to be wanted
I think it's nice to be reminded that
when you see other people I mean that's
longer we click I like being anger to go
out to a club how do you look at me like
hey yeah but that's best
I don't need my only security to be
boosted necessarily by other people I'm
confident enough in myself and it's sort
of the way for our relation I don't need
other people to remind me how good I
have things I had over I don't need to
show or to feel jealousy to be happy
okay how is sex different with your
other partners I feel nice well that's
that somewhere along the way I think the
rest of stuff okay so how is yeah did we
do we did because this question place so
good for her yeah I know
somewhere we got I must have miscounted
but it's walked over and I thought it
was interesting that was going opposite
of how uh because we're stuff coming out
and what we have heard me down okay
all right that's it so I should actually
yeah okay all right because I like twice
why does he stop no I asked you yeah
yeah okay
why did you get jealous last time and
how did you feel why did you get it
don't ask me you you told me he was less
than you got jealous
[Applause]
I guess it's a good sign
[Music]
because I was less than he smells like
our relationship wasn't very strong not
another person it wasn't when I told you
about like people that was beating Kisha
I see I suddenly felt you know I was
happy and active in it uh I was very
happy I love again was in a year and in
all times
I feel a little insecure and also the
last time was I think left because I
because you know what if you have to
like
[Music]
I'm sure that time I was like a nice
thing that I because of any time that I
feel when I feel more like secure with
you and when I'm happy but then I get
much closer understanding
they're not gives up
they're not okay I - II can focus on
myself and I'll try to go like you know
okay now I have to make my pimples and
and then I look back you know you're
like yeah I expect to know others what a
good moment and you were pretty thin
tend to take a break you know all that
maybe I'll do that I and I would be more
secure you know that's my you know
that's my things that I have to work on
myself but I you know like just wait a
little
you know until I you know mix things a
little more work and so we can be more
and I'm not probably do it and also you
know I was thinking you know we can you
know do things together creates things
and they're like all right time it
wasn't yeah
yeah definitely I felt what
power six
where to ask how is this different is
your other partners that is really so
much better with you
well I think this with you this with you
this obviously much more closeness and
romantic affection
I just feel much more trusting review
and much closer and also because the
fluid and on these problems I
just so much closer living and because
it's not just a physical thing it's also
emotional thing it's also an affection
and romantic thing and it's also a you
know an Alice this is a person I'm
sharing my life with with other people
it's more of a fun thing something that
we enjoy and also I enjoy connecting
with them on different levels but I mean
the sex itself can be anything can
become the emotional responding to be
completely you know just for the
physical it before I mean this life
reason somebody and I would be having
the sense it the sex itself doesn't it
what's there you know what I have a
conversation with he was different it
was something else when I played you
know anytime do to sex with other people
numbers I because most people that I
have sex with it unless rather than
party most of the people that I have sex
with are are people gonna transmit so
I'm very emotional close with my friends
and that's important so I I feel like
sex to deepen in their strength than a
friendship I have a something because
it's enjoyable I mean I it depends with
whom but you know sometimes it all have
also would suggest honest extremely you
know what's a month or you know what's a
weekly view whatever that will have one
ninety will do something like well we'll
just one of us will just spend a night
in the other place or maybe we'll go out
we'll attend an event
I'll spend the night we shall spend the
night it's just like a funny thing that
we do with fright there's no expectation
or his family will be anymore and that's
really all it is and sometimes I really
enjoy it sometimes really pissed
retracted something but I'm comfortable
with just
any more than that it's just a fun thing
we did and as long as they're
comfortable with that as well that I
asked me looking for more and I I don't
see that as possible
so right now I have a question for you
why am i you're very depth
I don't know why well if you ask me
what the last question can be asked me
I'm ready for anything
so that's the two last question I think
it's a customer question well this 10:31
yeah there's always the last question
which is is there anything left
is there any questions you want to ask a
the persons for the space will be there
talking and is there a question that's
come up in your life
miss penny that you would have liked to
have seen that in this run sorry is
there a question that's the first
question is anything else you want to
ask me about your account camera
[Music]
if there's no question nothing as I hear
anything on that that you deal no I
think there's already I want to see
where they go but give you anything
I feel I can ask you any question
anywhere he's on anyone and vice versa
so I don't
I think I just asked and if you feel
after this like you know how do you feel
right now like pennies over
[Music]
I'm very happy that we just yeah yeah
man 2 is respond this is really and
hopefully didn't watch it later and see
sort of fun but as soon as I'm really
I'm really glad that there was no
surprises here because your knife so
open and we were practicing open
honestly for so long it's just these
questions are just a normal questions
for us I guess probably really might be
really daunting or scary but you know I
think this is why I think walks like a
distraction like this is why I loved
probably everything because I've been
waiting know like you know because I
like it you know hey when I think about
you that's right but then I think that's
that's what I love about like oh you
know I maybe show you but what you
create
I'm captain check but thank you see you
sugar generous we thank you in charge
for that you're really they say behind
every great man there's a greater one
boy strings
all right thank you thank you guys take
out the
