all right Molly I got some questions for
you oh do you want to see if you can
answer some of these why do you think
you love me why do you think you love me
you know any girl that says why do you
love me
like what do you love about me like I'll
tell you what I love about you
I love how independent you are and I
love how active you are always jumping
around climbing exploring because I did
that what do you love about me let's
talk normal okay no baby voices let's
just talk normal
so I didn't hear you say again you love
playing with me I'll play with you too
you want to do another one alright so
that one check hmm next one when you
I'll ask you and then you can ask me
when you grow up what do you think you
want to do or be you want a yellow candy
that's like in five minutes that's not
when you grow up when you grow up what
do you want to be like Daddy I what do I
do
you know for work for work what do I do
for work all right
you actually know that that's good when
you grow up what do you want to do
fantastic love that uh next one if you
could change one thing about me what
would it be if you could change one
thing about me what would it be I
learned here you love me but you don't
have to change that because you already
love me if you could change one thing
what would it be like what if I had like
really long arms or or like red hair if
you could change one thing about me what
would it be well red hair I gave you
that one what's your favorite thing to
do with Daddy that's an obsession you
love that one
why don't you ask me what it says what's
your favorite thing to do with you you
say what's your favorite thing to do
with me it's close my favorite thing to
do with you probably when we actually
like we go to the movies together we've
been to the cinema together a couple
times
okay that's good
eyes are watering hmm this one's good
it says what do you think I'm learning
from you so I learn from you and you
learn from me put you hey no one wants
to see that which is just then sit down
properly good good good
all right you listen to this one listen
to this one this the next question what
do you think I'm learning from you it
says so I'll tell you mouth
I'll tell you what I'm learning from you
okay from you I think I learned to be
more patient that's definitely something
I learned from having you at least I
think I'm I love I think I learned from
you to look at the world a little bit
more from like a kid's perspective keep
things fun I definitely I definitely
learned that what do you think you learn
from me what do you learn from me like
when we have braces you always beat me
as well mm-hmm
that's telling me something yeah hit
let's put this here perfect
what do you think is special about our
relationship because I'm your daddy
right Yeah right right okay and who are
you to me yeah but who are you to me
you're my say louder yeah so what do you
think is special about me being your
daddy and you being my girl
what do you think is special about that
don't touch it that's it cuz they can
hear it
just leave it leave it ready we'll do it
again what do you think is special about
you being my daddy and me being your
daughter that right or me being your
daddy and you being mine yes that's
right maybe you gonna leave it there
gonna hear it yeah let's not touch it
yeah why don't you hold this one okay
this is good material guys it's golden
apologize all right
trying to give you something here can
you sit back see it's gonna pull out you
gotta say that good I'll be you okay
that's true so sit down and I'll get you
yellow candy after this okay but you
have to listen do you have a question
for me would you would you like them
they can see the dress say good what am
i doing
like right now I'm trying to talk to you
you got to talk to me yeah what else do
you want to ask me what's my favorite
color oh if I had a favorite colors
probably Black's not really a color
maybe maybe red right probably my
favorite color what's your favorite
color papa it's pretty good blue 2 3 2 4
cup you have four favorite colors Submit
greedy what is your favorite Avengers
character Iron Man and cap what why do
you like cats in America and I can't
hear baby yes because they saved the
world it's good reason
what's your thing that's my favorite
it's my favorite what what's my favorite
superhero I mean if we're talking about
the Avengers I'd probably say Thor
talking about in general maybe maybe
spider-man who's spider-man's real name
that guy what else we talking about your
birthday
Wow okay that's a good one so when is
your birthday when is your birthday
wait where's your buddy
[Music]
not much the the 2021 yeah last table so
what did we do for your birthday you
remember we had cupcakes let's talk
really really normally so I can he so we
got cupcakes fever thing and what kind
of party let's not touch it it was what
it was an adventure party yeah and what
did you dress up as girl that was
awesome what did I dress up as do you
remember
daredevil yeah
but it was the original black costume
and what next next year for your
birthday how old are you how old are you
gonna be okay
and what do you think you want or what
kind of party do you want next year you
want a Halloween birthday buddy
so what would that mean pumpkins
everywhere we'd eat pumpkin all day okay
can we go we can probably do it let's
talk about let's talk about what do you
wanna talk about but as a birthday you
buy all of your next birthday so what do
you want okay fine like what what about
it just talk just told you don't need to
make sounds what about what do you want
to do for the next birthday with the
Halloween party how many friends are
gonna come by the way should we just
talk and not make silly sounds cuz there
wasn't watching that makes silly Sam mm
hey I've got a question for you oh can
you put that in nice um how old your
sister
no she's not - yeah she's a baby
she's like ten months do you like having
a sister yeah she pretty much zero do
you like having a sister and what do you
guys do what's your favorite thing to do
with your sister I know what you do you
always go
you always tickler day that she loves
she's fun isn't she she's fun to have
around can you do that do it to me
you bite everything no you're a little
biter
I've always been a biter and what's your
favorite food it's shepherd's pie
I like shepherd's pie mine's probably
pizza she's similar in spaghetti that's
similar to meatballs so let's get back
on relationships so they can actually
use this material what do you think do
you think I'm a good daddy you think I
am sit down sue no I want to ask this
I'm serious I want to ask this question
do you think I'm a good daddy it's nice
to hear why do you think I'm a good
daddy sometimes you can be cute because
sometimes Evie TV that's depressing
that's why we're good daddy
what about because we hug and we play
and we love each other and that - what's
your favorite thing to do with me when I
come back home from
[Music]
so there's a pattern here you know what
do you do what's the first thing you do
when I come in the door with my suitcase
and I've been gone for like two weeks
you do what do you do what do you do you
tell me tell me you do under the table
and then why do you hide because you
want to hmm because you want to fall
boom yeah it surprised me and I always
get surprised I always ask mommy where
is Bali and then you jump out and do you
miss me when I'm gone cries all the time
mm-hmm and why do you want me there for
that because the core dispute mm-hmm
then do you miss me when I'm not there
yeah
then do you want me to be there when I'm
not there yeah so when I'm gone do you
like talking to me on the phone yeah in
FaceTime on the video yeah well let's
look at me look at me I'm talking to you
I'm here now when I go away do you want
to come with me you you would want to do
that
do you know why I go away have a guess
because you have to do work and do you
know why I work boy look at me why
because I love you and I've got a I
gotta make money and that's a good
question I said we can keep talking for
a little bit then I'll get you a kid
he's you being pretty good but you don't
want to pull that cuz you might break it
see that's it I want to ask you a
question I really really want to know so
miles look at me when I'm gone for work
and I go along away for a while do you
miss me when I'm going do you wish I was
there to talk to you Hey look at me
you wish I was there and do you want to
like talk on video and
it's a pretty legs down because people
don't want to see how the dress so let's
put this down
pretty dress down that so much leave
because when you rub that it's really
really laughs see that you just he's
hemorrhaging from the ears right now
said add to that let's just leave it you
hold this one because it's like it's a
microphone and it picks up your voice
and it goes really really loud in
disease I just leave it all right well
then I'm gonna have to take it away if
you don't want it
you're gonna leave it let's I mean I can
keep going for you if you want man but
I'm happy to it's just controlling the
uncontrollable
you