when you when you think of the first
time we met what do you remember I
remember walking into the production
office and you spun around in your chair
and you were like who are you and I was
like who are you and then that's pretty
much I said who are you and what are you
about who are you and what do you do I
didn't answer the question do you what
do you love about our relationship
specifically the mornings are my
favorite waking up isn't my favorite
time of the day but the the union that
we like created the little pact that we
have with each other that we go away but
we come right home to each other and
it's our objective to like come together
what's it for you
I guess the favorite thing about my our
relationship my favorite thing about our
relationship is that kind of security
like feeling like I don't really want to
be anywhere else so I guess a sense of
calmness that I've gotten from being
with you to be how do you describe me to
others I always preface it by saying how
much I love you and how talented you are
and how much make me laugh and that you
are a clean freak and they help me
become a better person I mean there's
more to it but that's the the gist of my
intro but those clean freak is something
I think is is positive and and I think
it says a lot about the other areas in
your life and why you get so much
accomplished what are you hesitant to
tell me what are you hesitant to tell me
not much I'm pretty open with you maybe
even too open like a drapes it might
drive you crazy sometimes
but I think probably like stuff well
things that I do bring up which is just
like calling you out and stuff so I'm
always being careful how to approach
that but I'm pretty open with you why
are you hesitant to call me out because
of maybe how you might take it or your
your reaction to it but but I don't like
hold it back I still call it out and
then we deal with it it's probably like
one of my favorite things that we work
through things not we don't just like
keep it in our minds right what's the
sexual fantasy you're afraid to ask me
nothing I don't have one either like I'm
pretty it's straightforward and honest
right yeah complaints there that's great
who has more power in the relationship
you or me that's probably like it that's
probably something we're going through
right wait did I just ask the previous
question what I just asked the previous
question I did a double on tomorrow or
you went back in there yeah no way
no like go ahead it's cool
all right who has more power in the
relationship you or me I don't I think
we we haven't figured that out we both
are hard-headed we go through we go back
and forth on it where I'm like who's
gonna need this
Savannah was a good place that's where
we got to like realize like who's the
leader here and who's like not the
leader baby yeah right I think we just
realized we each had to give each other
our time to shine yeah and then me not
try to come in as like a work it boss
production manager who sacrifices more
in the relationship and how to how do
you feel about that I think we both
sacrificed equal amounts of yeah yeah I
guess we both sacrifice things for the
sake of the relationship what do we
sacrifice I don't even know I don't know
maybe
well I don't know cuz the things I feel
like I sacrificed
I don't really sacrificed and why like
for example like if I want to get
something that's organic food you're
like no let's not do that custom more
expensive and then I'm like you know and
then I realize like it's probably better
to be more conscious of money anyway so
like it's not really a sacrifice it's
just like a compromise an understood
compromise I guess but I don't feel like
there's anything I'm not doing I don't
feel that we have any big sacrifices
that we're making for each other yeah
not yet at least in our life well I
think we both agreed that if we were to
start making sacrifices that we would
start to resent each other so maybe
that's why we avoid looking at things
that way sure right but maybe maybe if
you start having kids sacrifice and
they'll just like start presenting
themselves to both it was enough oh shit
like now we got my turn here too I
already read that one oh yeah so it's my
turn here if your biggest secret was a
film what would the title be
damnit I think it's got to be a good
title
go to the Lost years
Julio Garcia where's yours mine for you
no well what's the name of yourself
are you sure sure for me babe I was
gonna make it you know forget it funnier
in my mind for my movie what do you
think it would be for me the strip bar
dear oh yeah I did work at a strip club
but I think everyone knows that I was no
secret yeah it was not a stripper
waitress who loves more in the
relationship who loves more yeah who
loves who more in the relationship I'm
like at max capacity love for you yeah
I think we're we know where we are I
think we love each other we work we're
walking this together we talk about it
on time you know we're doing this like
that's that I'm good yeah it's good baby
carry surprise what would you do if I
cheated on you what would you do if I
cheated on you
alright destroy me destroy me it would
break my heart but you know that they
still hurt what would you do I don't
know I'd fall apart I'd fall apart it
would kill me oh they are the strength
to die candle ad we like fuck this I'd
probably get over it but I would be
fucking damaged goods you you see where
I come from so I was damaged goods you
brought me back and I could imagine like
you just brought me back and write this
shit fucking falls apart I'd be like
fuck this fucking but you want to fuck
the world like problems II know worried
about you how do you feel
I would probably go to a really dark
place and like wanna cause harm to you
and whoever that person was until they
do it the Canary Islands or something I
wouldn't I wouldn't do it because I
don't want it to we've talked about this
I don't want that feeling for you to
have to experience that feeling and I
don't want it in my in my world either
so I think we're conscious of that
because it's just such an ugly thing
what's a compromise you've made that I
failed to recognize
I don't know I think I've like been
pretty communicative about whatever
frustrations I've had but all the
lifestyle changes I've made I don't look
at them I guess I don't really look at
them as compromises like I'm not doing
something I want to do I just look at
them as like an evolution of myself
neither maturing or getting better or
becoming more conscious of things but I
think if I got to the point where I was
like blaming you or the relationship for
these changes then I probably have to
reevaluate my priorities mm-hmm what's
the hardest thing about our relationship
be honest um I started with anything
right I don't say like it's not the
communication like we we talk to each
other we communicate like it's not
communication but something I guess it
always comes up for us and it might have
been in a couple of cautions I may be
like who's in control of the
relationship or or making making choices
or assumptions of like oh I figured this
would be good for us you know I think
that comes I think I think that comes
out a lot right yeah like you're talking
about the incident with the landlord
sure that's a good example there where
like one of us is thinking we're being
helpful but then the other person thinks
that we're yeah like dominating
your executive decisions yeah but isn't
carrier because I feel like it existed
existed and then we talked about it I
was like hey like we got to do this shit
together like we can't you I can't just
be making decisions on my own and like
expect you to like let it happen right
or like you well yeah and you said that
you came from a other relationship where
you did everything and that person
didn't so maybe you were used to it and
I come from a relationship previous
relationship where I was doing
everything and the other person was like
yeah cruising so so you think that's the
hardest thing about our relationship no
no I think that's a challenge I don't
know if it's the hardest thing about a
relationship I feel I don't know about
I have something hard in this
relationship because I feel really
comfortable in it what do you feel is
the harness
I'm turning like not associated with
like what's the hardest thing about for
it to deal with the with you in the
reddish you know it's just like what's
it you know and in the relationship
itself not necessarily like hard to deal
with about you or you deal with me Oh
like what's the hardest thing to deal
with yeah I think that's kind of already
[Music]
okay I may be the hardest thing in our
actual relationship that's like about
both of us is that we take on a lot of
projects and we hit a lot of ideas and
then we both like stress about it and
become overwhelmed and like can't live
in the present moment and that gets yeah
that's pretty annoying yeah that drives
both of us crazy yeah but we've got a
little bit of a hold on it I think yeah
but I I think that that's hard is like
we are just impatient and we do a lot of
things and
get overwhelmed you can change one thing
about me what would it be for you to put
the toilet seat down
whatever I don't know I guess like the
only thing could I ever feel like we
absolutely like have already agreed to
disagree on but I feel like we could
still get to a better place what that is
probably about like you know it's not
like important but it doesn't change
anything really but I just feel like I
have these really strong values about
like like moral values about food and I
wish weak you know I wish that you could
like sit there and like bitch with me
about like genetically modified food and
like and just you know just like but
it's not but it's not necessarily
anything that affects our relationship
but I would like to be able to like open
up about that more with you because it's
like a topic that's important to me sure
and they're liking on my views on it
that's just that fair
everything's our marketing campaign to
like get me to spend more money so it's
just like I do not trust right but for
it for me it would be a little bit more
I think I tell you a lot where I think
you probably or I think you've shown
like a you a lot of times you struggle
with just like showing me like that
there's weakness and I'm like and I'm
always saying to him like it's okay it's
okay if like
we fall like I want to be able to like
that if you're uncomfortable I want to
be able to know that I could like bring
you up and like that you're okay you
know so maybe for me it's not like a
little bit of a struggle of I don't even
if I'm answering a question anymore but
[Music]
maybe that you of getting you to to
sometimes be okay with not having the
answer and allowing that somebody else
might be like oh they're gonna solve
this why do you love me because because
of the way that I feel when I'm with a
when I'm with you like in the mornings
when I wake up and I just look at you
and I'm like man and she just goes there
and like and I could feel that you want
to be there with me and like you are
gonna be there with me so you have to
seem like the worst in me and you're
like oh man I'm gonna stick around what
about you
I guess it's like that same feeling that
I'm talking about before where like I
don't feel like there's anywhere else
that I have to be besides with you and
that is a a new and unique feeling from
you so that's just how I know that
