you looked elsewhere I had to
yes
what's the first thing you noticed about
me your smile my smile yeah really
mm-hmm
okay who do you think I am
who do I think you are yeah what do you
mean you're you're Catherine right is in
your name Catherine yeah all right we
met last night right you told me your
name's Catherine yeah I don't know your
last name
I'm Katrin I don't know your last name
that's me yeah but uh what do you what
do you do like how famous are you who do
I think you are like what makes up a
person that's the question I think
you're Catherine I think you're famous
to answer I think you're in actors
because like you're in such good shape
like physically you're like in perfect
shape so you keep active so I think
you're I think you're a model for
swimsuits if you would play I think
you're a model that's what I think is
that who you are are you gonna think no
you tell you I take it what are you
looking for in a relationship I'm so
super single I mean I relationship
respect communication affection
sincerity honesty friendliness
oh you're serious
I like your answer yeah yeah what are
you looking for what am I looking for
yeah in a relationship yeah
blue eyes okay um we're not looking for
a relationship I'm not really looking
for a relationship
oh um what am I looking for if I had a
relationship probably blue eyes I got it
is it my turn your turn
yeah what are you fearful of in terms of
relationship oh is it my turn what am i
fearful of yes uh what am i fearful I'm
fearful of um my own insecurities like
not like just myself like putting it
like being so insecure that I lose the
person no like I'd be so insecure that
you would just you would notice it and
you just say see ya yeah it's the same
answer for me come on really really okay
okay
Billy you're insecure yeah on a scale of
1 to 6.5 how insecure do you think you
are with 6.5 being the little beast
insecure well it depends of the majority
I guess you can pair yourself to each
other all right just give a number yeah
don't say 3.25 I was kind of old 10 ya
know zero to six point five six point
five let's see four and a half four
point five yes metric system or regular
what do you think I want from life love
success happiness a Cadillac a million
bucks
a bigger cock I don't know
well color Caroline and the friend with
blue eyes what color cattle I that's all
I really want is blue eyes yeah okay
sorry I got it
a friend with blue eyes right you're
right well you've got to know that you
got it how did you know that okay
what what I think you are from life okay
I think you are I think you are I think
you want to work hard no I think you
want to be successful I think you want
security like you want a safety like you
want to feel like warm and safe and like
well just like everybody yeah kind of a
boring answer yeah I think I also I also
think you want to be a famous drone you
want a drum for the Talking Heads you
want to be a drummer on the top with the
Talking Heads no I don't think that's
wrong are you a drumsticks in your bag
glasses yeah I like drums I like music
why'd you have drumsticks in your bag
and that girl is putting them in your
mouth and like oh it's a long story
I'm sorry is he faced he a nice guy the
guy who got the drumsticks wrong yeah
okay you miss him well he lives a just
one street corner away from me in
Montreal we used to be roommates uh
actually ten years ago we dated each
other it was my first official boyfriend
okay okay yeah but if you're 30 now how
are you eighteen ten years ago well we
met each other in high school uh-huh I
went in there school music music school
next question okay
is it my turn no it's my turn oh oh all
right can you feel chemistry right now
yes do you a little bit so this is the
eyes eyes are big chemistry that's
chemistry cuz blue and brown
like they make a different color if we
put our eyes together they'd make like
amber yellow or green or something so
that's the chemistry I feel but those
blue eyes are shocking but you lied to
me which I'm not liking you think so
yeah
what did I feel you told me your eyes
were hazel they are dead changing colors
every day they're changing color the
blue right now oh you're great this
one's blue this a bit more green okay
okay awesome question I do like eyes me
too you do okay
am I out of shape are you out of shape
yes whose question whose idea was that
no make a muscle I've never seen a girl
in better shape than you I really
haven't do you want to do it again no I
think you could beret his other arm but
you can't lift your elbow off the table
last night you were like get your elbow
I'm left-handed no I can't do lefty I
have a bad shoulder you're lying I mean
I had a tennis injury even though I'm
righty wait you started without saying
one say one two I'm gonna break the tail
say one two three go call it this you
like this okay yep you can't lift your
elbow off the tail how
okay yeah you about that give up a my
whim okay are you out of shape oh my god
it's a terrible question how many people
do you think I was slept with it was a
hundred a hundred yes at least okay um
means do I think you've slept with I
think you're a virgin right so you told
me last night I believe you what am I on
a scale of 1 to 10 and why
what are you looks wise there what
personality an open question
mmm what are you and let me think let me
see your legs all right let me see the
other way honestly yes or no for a true
answer I'll give you a nine oh yeah cuz
your eyes your blue eyes oh thank you
but I don't give you a 10 I'm getting
you a 11
what no yeah I'm ugly I used to have
looks but I lost them
oh come on I did nobody's perfect
actually I'm talking right okay I'll
give you a ten then if you give me an
eleven okay all right I give her a ten
she I mean yeah some nice give you a
nine no I give you a ten okay give you a
nine okay okay my turn
I don't keep honest be honest I get a
four I get a four do I seem intelligent
yes no doubt uh yes or yes yes yes I
don't think you would be there otherwise
do you like my style
yes why why do I like your style yes
because you don't care what people think
you just like you know like last night
we knew or had the drumstick and like
that girl is putting them like down
you're you're just like and then she put
it in your mouth and then and then like
I don't know you just don't care what
people think what yeah I mean most girls
would be like oh this is good when's the
last time you lost your knee your nerve
completely and why completely last night
yeah like he lost a nerve completely
completely lost my nerve I think that
was in 2014 and I don't really feel like
thinking okay okay your turn alright
sorry to bring it up that's what
categories of porn do you watch porn oh
I watch porn yeah whatever e1 watches
porn I was like no i watch i watch like
i don't know i just put in like you know
like sucking cock all right and then up
come videos yeah yeah
but usually it's women sucking cock not
men they're blonde or curl I like
brunettes I like brunettes with a little
streak of red in their hair second cocks
yeah big I like yeah I don't I don't
care what size the cock is it's the
mouth yeah that's all that oh my action
it's a girl if she has really big lips
and sometimes like I like when they talk
dirty that's the compound like well how
about you you know no you're still
virgin I'm weird a your art no you're
just not into
I am into it I mean I don't watch porn
to the computer to your computer I have
a laptop you don't watch porn
no I guess women maybe do but there's
like pop I have foreign popping
publicity all the time
very funny porn popping publicity that's
onomatopoetic horn popping composing
horn popping penises yes
what do you think is second second
what do you think is the sexiest part of
my body honestly yeah I think your voice
my voice yeah it's not part of my body
it comes out of my body
okay so I'd have to see your eyes okay
okay you want to know what I think is
the sexiest part of your body okay look
carefully I'd say I'd say your eyes
thank you whose turn is it I just want
to go make out with you so I want to get
this over with
whose turn is it I don't remember okay I
think it's your turn okay no yes maybe
yes your turn what sexual act are you
afraid to try sexual act yes I'm with a
woman or with a man it doesn't specify
know something that you're afraid to try
well I don't like it like you a girl
like bends over like totally I'm afraid
to try something yeah like if she put
her head over her over her butt like oh
okay and then I had to I had to do it
like I think that's weird like I think
it's too much like you don't see the
face you don't see like you see like a
little pussy in a little asshole so I
wouldn't I wouldn't do that like no it's
just weird but I mean I would I mean I I
that's I'm not afraid how about you I'm
not answering that
okay what is your sexual fantasy you
would like to have with me let's see I
would try what you're afraid of
really Jane you're forcing forcing me
okay
don't read loud okay why
trying to go fool around okay okay your
turn my turn okay what are you doing
tonight I'm taking you around town in a
red Cadillac that sounds like a good
point dancing yeah if you want to go
maybe not maybe I'm not maybe I'm going
home and watching watching a quiz show
or something well there's a festival in
town oh really yes I'm aware can't miss
that
I'm gonna watch TV all night really
you're gonna do that in Miami yeah
seriously yeah no I'm gonna cry I can't
be with you tonight are you going can we
can we sing out tonight not in front of
the TV seriously no I mean can you and I
hang out yeah not in front of the TV go
to where go where film date festival
yeah okay yeah let's go yeah cool
all right thank you for furnishing bike
I'm invited myself me too
well I learned that you like porn
specifically the mouth around the the
dick dick is that French dick no dick no
okay kick it okay small cookie Katz's
smaller cookie okay captain Kurt lookers
bigger what did you learn
no I learned I learned that your your a
little bit all shy about some like you I
like the way you're shy about some
things but you say I won't answer that
question so if you have selfish Oh
self-respect you have self-respect which
I appreciate cool I appreciate that
you're fishing