we talked about that later yeah no
problem
when you take these questions like if
you want to adjust the question or if
you want to dig deeper if it like leads
to another thing keep going like this is
really like for you guys to talk and you
don't have to explain to us it could be
like that time on the subway yeah you
remember that time on the subway I
remember that tunnel is that way like we
don't know what having a subway it
doesn't matter yeah it's really about
you guys okay so you don't have to feel
you have to explain anything for us it's
really like these questions are really
like maybe there's stuff in here that
you guys haven't talked like this is an
opportunity to talk about this reminds
me of what what program was it where
they showed that people talking in the
phone booth and it was giving their it
was an old program I believe it was they
were stepping the train the Grand
Central Station you will go into the
telephone booth and tell a story yeah
but then they would they would say it
and then other people were going you
know after and then it would be recorded
through history what he would find out
how your grandmother and grandfather
made this story quarters on TV I think
it was film I think it was like
something like that position so let's
not talk about all right so we're gonna
pick it up later so what's gonna happen
is we'll take about a minute for you
guys to look at each other and connect
me to here and then when you feel ready
you take the first card you ask it and
then you guys talked and then when you
guys feel like that conversation is over
then I'll pick up then you pick up and
we just go back and forth right back
okay please
now you must be honest about these
questions the answers when you think
about the first time we met what do you
remember what do you remember I remember
the small I remember the big the way you
looked at me you can actually tell me
but you remember when you remember
everything I'm embrace Mel I don't know
what you was wearing no response
I run behind your house look do you
remember how long he was I'm under how
how long how long exactly 25 years ago
okay
24 years you think I remember if I knew
zero next question yes
whether you love about our relationship
oh this is do okay after 25 years I'm
still learning more things about you to
love do you know what I love about our
relationship
what's that honesty
pick up be honest to each other I think
you're lying about that why leave it a
look one do you feel closest to me I
want to answer that
I feel were the closest when we're
dealing with a issue with our son that's
what we're the closest why thank because
we we tend to think about everybody's
reaction without decision with how we
want our son to do something or not do
something how we want him to be dealt
with in situations like we have to
reconsider so many things when we make a
decision about him so that makes you
feel like that's the closer Master
closes because we both take our time Oh
what are you hesitant to tell me my
reasons for
have in mind why your eyes there's not a
question but the reason why why should
we put a tattoo of another woman's name
on my arm okay you you're hesitant to
tell me the reason why yes okay would
you like to tell me why not over here
it's been a long time you need to tell
me I don't want you to think that I'm
I'm anyway that I used to really be you
know I don't want you to think that my
my hatred is that deep or I would be you
know that my furious you know that
wicked
what do you think I told you now doctor
I told you plenty do we have enough sex
do we have enough sex
you heard the question yeah no you don't
think we have you know none no we don't
well we have sex three to four times a
week some people don't have sex at all I
still don't think that's enough no it's
not I think it should happen as often if
it needs as the opportunity presents
itself but we have a child and sometimes
you know how it's a long rest oh you
know I know but my thing is we go to I
go to work come home sometimes I'm alone
basil only sometimes you don't have to
participate I love you enough we don't
have the book do you think I would like
to participate
I love sex but no I mean you would you
would not write application but I mean
if you don't participate you don't get
much your gratification
you don't really next question okay it
was good
I say no today you've been no way who
has more power in their relationship you
or me
our mothers no he's talking about you or
me and even one of us yes your mother
and my mother why why would you think
that your mother's in opposition from my
younger years my mother has always been
in support of us in my younger years
and now they're both on the same page
regarding support relationship so now
you think that they went there they're
in sync with us being together so what
does that have to do with power I mean
you and I have a disagreement we do call
our parents yeah you call your mother
call master you know so will will you
both agree that is our mothers our
mothers
neither one of our fathers our fathers
don't participate in anything yeah
absolutely
bitches very because we can go through a
back and forth and I mean I don't want
you to come and feel like you don't have
any power and you don't want to make me
think that I don't have so we don't they
don't even come to terms appointment
yeah that sounds all right we don't call
that everything if you could change one
thing in our relationship what would it
be and why in our relationship one thing
and why
be honest yeah no time to think the only
thing I mentioned nothing about my hair
no that's not it doesn't affect our
relationship all right okay um I
wouldn't change truthfully I like the
way we are
I like the way we are I don't think not
the relationship like work basis but
that has nothing to do with our
relationship it does affect our
relationship but because of the lack of
sex yeah I think so so then it does
affect you one thing you would like to
change that
what work habits work habits so I can
spend more time home perhaps possibly
and it will help enhance our
relationship I think but I don't I don't
see anything wrong with our relationship
I think we get a little fine no we get
along fine except when we're driving
together or you work too much
the one thing are you for me now you
can't finish don't just you think you
yeah but not go ahead tell me my one
thing that I would like to change if I
could change our relationship it would
it won't be a portion of our history and
why because it was it was so uh not just
not painful but it was - it was it was
very complicated to make it through a
lot of the situations that we've made it
through yeah but if we wouldn't not live
that we would have not been here today
married for so long and half of the
relationship we have we had to endure
but we had in the past we had to live we
had to be where we were at
we had to go through all we went through
no I'm not stating anything about regret
no not regret but just changing no we
would have lost me because I mean um I
know I'm annoying to you go home very
and that's that has a lot to do with me
making sure that I make an imprint on
you you don't have to be annoying to me
for me not to ever forget you yeah
that's what I think I've been with you
forever that's something that I didn't
think because of the situations that I
when I was in get but if you annoy me
that doesn't make me want to remember
you it makes me want to throw you out
the window and forget about you that you
never forget that you're doing out the
window next question okay skip okay I am
what does it am I the best sex you ever
had
very much so
no okay except for that one time wait it
was around moosic yeah awesome random
actually it was uh there's only one
other woman that I've ever compared you
to and it was a girl I met while living
in Florida and it wasn't the one no
wasn't mean he wasn't there other female
you know about that I was lying to her
that I wanted to marry her
it wasn't her it was some completely by
accident they called my phone met her we
went we playing pool we went to the
beach at night the next day she came and
she spent the night at the house and it
was just like ridiculous and I've never
seen her again
it was just one time yeah I never I mean
I didn't want to see her again
because she was she became too involved
immediately with my living arrangement
you know they get too clingy
yeah like she went from the bedroom went
to the kitchen and went to the bathroom
you know yeah like you went to the
frigerator Oh scary she sat in the show
keys living room nobody sits there so
whatever was like a little uncomfortable
for me okay but at least the sex was
great yeah go ahead answer okay um what
was the question again name just in my
bed best fix you ever had
truthfully yeah okay truthfully I had
one time better but you know you are
really great than what you do and I'm
sexually satisfied but yeah I had sex I
mean because it was just random I guess
it was just mind-blowing
now I'm gonna speak on it I've heard the
person's name before no no was it a long
time ago was a long time about 10 years
ago 12 years ago okay I know exactly
what how was that 10 years ago what
weren't you this is 2014
yeah you wasn't I was in South Carolina
it was 2004 2003 I was in New York
well do you wasn't in New York I was in
2004 it was just great for the moment I
was feeling frisky I mean I don't even
know let's put it this I mean you want
me to be on in this person it was great
though
what are your financial concerns my
financial concerns that we are able to
[Music]
have fun availability not your concerns
just I want to be free of bills like
it's impossible but I just want to be
able to have enough money in the bank
for us not to be worried about every
month of certain things that they've
coming up like the insurance and things
like that like small bills we never had
an issue with the rent we never had an
issue with you know like their phone
bills or anything but just you know like
other stuff because I feel like if if I
go shopping and I want to buy
want to buy a pair of shoes that I
really really want and I'ma be like
we're gonna be short for insurance so
we're gonna be short for products you
know that's the only thing so I want to
be able to have enough money in the bank
I want to be financially set but we'll
get there eventually
I'm sure working very concerned yes my
financial concern
what is your financial concern my
financial concern is our son he's had
over about $700 and a little bottle what
what a lot of water bottle I know we
have to read that's my interest him cuz
you have to pay him back so he doesn't
let me forget that I owe him two hundred
and fifty dollars yeah imagine when he
turns 15 interest that's mom
that's your benefit so she can just pay
it back whenever you have instead of
buying Gucci watches and pay him back
okay that is my tournament Oh tell me
about the time I disappointed you
okay let's talk about it again do you
want to talk about it on camera
yeah we're not all right no crying no
I'm in a little bit of discomfort so I
don't have to really be this dealing on
camera at one time the ultimate time
you disappointed me is when it was told
to you that I was going to be executed
and transported well extradited to South
Carolina and instead of you awaiting the
results of my sentencing whether it was
for me to be executed or whether it was
for me to do life plus 30 years you
chose to leave me mm-hmm Wow
in solitary confinement mm-hmm that you
knew I was in because of another girl
and you knew no other girl I mean any
other thing to me besides sex and we had
a really decided you had decided for the
both of us and we were gonna be more
than sex because you knew I loved you
you've come to terms and realize that
you loved me and it was disappointing
for me to hear from you but I cannot
contact you no more
and there is no more love for you and I
because I lied to you do you want me to
answer I want you to answer the question
from your perspective um one time that I
did disappoint me the most is when you
told me that you will never lie to me
again and you never told me you were
married and when you told me you have
married the first time you told me that
it was something like like waking up and
brushing your teeth something like that
the explanation you gave me and when I
saw you and her together
that night so happy so in love
was disappointing because you had told
me something else and I believed you I
was that was in life I believed you that
you got married because of whatever
issues you were going through yes and it
wasn't you were in love and you were
happily married that wasn't the case
more okay it was you told me to tell you
what stupid its appointment okay neither
drink after this no after this very like
bourbon or fuck till I got this is like
you know put a bag of tissue okay what
do you do we cuz I'm about I'm just yeah
I just need to put my nose bleed no babe
okay what do you think your the next
step in our relationship
our next step what is that what's the
next step in our relationship
just being homeowners I think so far we
have asked you know did the first thing
the second so I think now is just being
homeowners having something I would like
you would like a condo of like a
building that I can make money off so
unless your investment property I do not
we're fine where we are we live in a
beautiful place I love my apartment but
I would like house or building that I
can make some money you know me I like
income I like it living off the income
what about you the next step in our
relationship
I think I know
it surrounds
you becoming
more educated regarding my existence
and I see that is gradually taking place
of course we've been legally married for
seven years we've been living together
for how long three years so it takes
time it takes time but I think I'm doing
very well two years three hundred and
sixty sixty days to years three hundred
and sixty days
why the 11th nice so why is it beyond
anything because it's not 65 yet the
question off me but okay two years three
hundred and sixty days so almost a year
so I mean I think I'm doing well so far
knowing all right what would you do if I
cheated on you yeah let me know go ahead
hit me tell me tell you don't do that
shit again okay
and don't put it on Facebook ah I want
to know does that one live in single
viral okay whatever that like that
Facebook social so what would I do if
you cheated on me hmm can you say it now
on camera okay yeah that's right there
goes my freedom
yeah but no perfect murder okay I would
just be mad probably disappointed but
forgiving of course you have oh come on
seriously you have been more forgiving
to me than I've been to you so it's true
I mean I haven't been completely like
the best wife but yes the wife is okay
the lover I wasn't like the greater
lover okay no but I would be forgiven I
think so
I mean it's just I mean if you had to
leave me for another no no let's just
talk about now if you're gonna cheat on
me and leave me for another woman that's
a different story I will take you for
every penny you got whatever whatever
legally legal stuff yes but I think you
do some legacy of course I will leave
you completely butt-naked but nothing to
take with the other woman of course you
do the challenges know that my son has
nothing her son has nothing to do with
it but I will gladly take you for
everything you have everything you will
ever have and you will have to work for
me for the rest of your life so I mean a
fling it's okay but I'm serious Oh I
mean you know you there's no leaving me
and I'm not leaving oh okay good it's
cheaper to keep her so delete the next
me not her it would be very expensive to
give you wooden it's gonna cost you what
do I do that detracts you from our
relationship the track or distract these
the tracks from the relationship when
what did you do that they trust me for
my relationship when you start wanting
me to be 17 again and I'm not you want
to do the whole but I can't do that I'm
a grown woman I don't do the whole touch
me in no we don't do that but those two
different things now okay thanks for
sharing of course but I have but I have
to be in the mood that's that's the only
thing you want me to be in the mood I
don't have a switch it has to have to
wake up
no I don't are you I'm thinking that is
the cold did bed like cold we have a
lock on our bedroom door and you don't
close doors in the house it's like I
don't like thoughts directly I don't
like doors in fact I have a loft I would
what detects me and our relationship
you acting like you all I'm not a
younger no more but that's not true I
mean you have you have preserved your
life you didn't get involved with a lot
of you didn't get involved with drugs
you didn't abuse your body no to the
extent that some other young women have
and I mean you you know very energetic
but you're mainly what detracts me is
that your motivation still to this day
is money you use our son as a reason for
being that way you use our expenses as
an excuse and a reason for being that
way but that's what detracts me in our
relationship that you're still money
motivated and I can't be that way no
more because my motivation for getting
money would change that's why I'm so
laid back and I don't that's why I'm
gonna get the Gucci watch and I am gonna
get you a big ridiculous bag that I
don't know how to really pronounce you
know that's what that's gonna happen but
it's just that I do things in a much
slower pace you know because I think
that I've put my body through a lot you
know I ran my body now I have to be that
way because you know my body is gonna
give up for me eventually and I don't
think what I have to give you if you
take what I have to give you okay
what's the biggest compromise you've
made that I haven't acknowledged repeat
that what's the biggest compromise
you've made
I have an acknowledged
you've acknowledged just about every
compromise that I was
accomplished that's far okay you animal
mine yes please
what's the biggest compromise that you
may be an aide all that you've
accomplished that I don't acknowledge I
don't even know is that not enough cuz I
got GPS on your phone that's for
security part oh yeah sure sure
I mean if you get lost Oh what I'm not
gonna get lost I'm 41 I can I know
exactly where I'm going where I'm at and
one with okay next question
Oh what is it breathing
what would make you leave me hmm
if you go back to your old ways in the
old lifestyle that didn't do anything
for you but just got you in trouble for
me can I be an opposition to her answers
yeah you can you have to be yourself all
right well I don't think that's true
I know I know that not to be a friend it
is a fact but you know why don't you
have a son already see if we didn't have
children then it will be up to you but
now we have a reason to behave why we
have a reason to be the best and not the
worst in the lifestyle you have before
money and everything is not something
that you can actually afford to give a
child then you know it's not that
lifestyle is not so
so that would take me back to the prior
question oh no no we're not going to pry
your question what is the one compromise
that I've made or accomplished that you
don't acknowledge I have acknowledged
the fact that you've changed but this is
a different question Steve what will
make you well what could I do to make
you leave me dad that would make me you
know it was you know it's a compromise
that I mean because I can't afford it
anymore you still I have acknowledged it
would you still tend to think when I'm
either with a family member
yeah that I would be tempted yeah I mean
I haven't done it and done anything
I love I love the fact that you have
changed so much and you have why would
that be something that will make you
leave me mm-hmm
if you go back yeah but you told me once
that way always that way so I can't go
to a relapse no relapsing not only my
watch if you want to relapse you can't
but you won't be part of my life or our
son's life
you can relapse is up to you but if you
do my heart is being fast those that's
way not good no I'm having difficulties
breathing no you fight he's fine yeah I
need an answer the question oh okay
could you do to make me leave you it
would deal with the same issue whether
it for me to potentially relapse and end
up in a compromised position you would
leave me that's a lot to deal with when
you know what I have against
you know what I'm up against so then
don't think about it because and you're
not gonna do it you're gonna continue
it's not about that it's about just look
at the prime example I'm going to the
bank to make a business deposit and I
get a jaywalking ticket I can understand
but even on those on depression you
should never snap
you should never I don't you should not
own snot you always think about what you
have in which you can lose I've been
faithful faithfully nonviolent for more
than ten years and I'm so proud of you
I'm so proud of you next question let's
see whether you wish had never been a
part of your experience of our
experience like my answer is one word
prison I say the same thing prison
you're a prisoner for the record his
prison time not mine the streets the
streets yeah in the back of your mind
are you scared that I'll walk away
[Music]
you have always returned so I'm not
afraid are you I'm asking that you walk
away I think you're more scared about
whatever happened if you did walk away
the tantrum oh that's me what are you
scared to tell me about some of the
things that I've done how are you you
don't think I would understand I'm not
scared to tell you anything I've always
been able to tell you everything even
when I was unfaithful
what is our biggest challenge as a
couple said could examples for other
couples that's the biggest challenge
does everybody know yeah because
everybody looks up to us haven't you
noticed for so many years we've been
together you know of course married to
other people that ones and before but
now that we're together we were able to
get back together and accomplish this
marriage that they all thought it was
gonna fail it wasn't gonna go nowhere
this is just a mirage you know it was a
mirage then so all the things we have
accomplished we have a son together we
wasn't supposed to have children we
wasn't supposed to have what we have now
so people look up to us our brothers
sisters you understand they look up to
our not lifestyle but our
accomplishments you understand so I
think this is our biggest challenge and
this is what we have to think about you
know when we make decisions because
whatever we do besides that it it
affects our son it also affects our
family members I was pretty profound
answer right there I think that our
biggest challenges over oh the biggest
challenge for me in our relationship
the biggest challenge for me in our
relationship is me suppressing
some of my sexual fantasies that
surprising yeah why because I don't you
offered it and I've rejected it knowing
that god damn sure don't wanna but
certain things when you're married you
shouldn't try you have heard it from
your sister you have heard it from our
part of my part of family certain things
that you should inform our family -
that's life so it's not surprising
I told him about the dream I had about
your sister mm-hmm he was like are you
saying that I'm no idiot my sister go
ahead you're in trouble now
okay this is the part okay well when you
often you know do do I want to have
another woman in a bedroom and my thing
is I don't I don't want you to be
involved you understand I don't want to
compromise our marriage our marriage
that way I would rather get on a plane
with my cousins go to Vegas
and what they can't have a Vegas baby
Vegas these are something like cool to
do like I don't have to get involved I
don't know that's the shit fastest shit
right there what how well I can speak to
you I'm not involving myself in a
fantasy mm-hmm just a friend
the thing is though when I speak about
bringing it to fruition you like yeah
that shit is cool cuz this it makes me
think that's some shit you done dude no
so what I'm so cool with no because I
think you know what are you gonna do you
what would you rather me not know so you
can just do it behind my back and come
home and have all this stress because
you did something cuz conscious is a
conscious
so I mean okay I wouldn't want to do it
like with you and another woman now
because we have a child I'm older I'm
not that freaky anymore perhaps and I
just don't you know I wouldn't do it but
I wouldn't mind you if you honest enough
and tell me this is something it's just
a fantasy what are you gonna bring home
marry her and bring it to me no so it's
something that can happen I mean let's
be honest if I wanna do you haven't do
you have plans on doing something before
your big five or something like that no
not yet like it doesn't it hasn't come
up yet like it has I don't know how I'm
gonna wake up one day and be like oh I
need to have like three dudes at the
same time I don't know you don't know
it's a fantasy face that's all the holes
in your body okay we're talking about
fantasy we're talking about fucking
that's one of your fantasies next
question please
like we're being honest you just devote
you get more involved in the no problem
in the time we have shared together do
you have any resentment towards me part
of me is my question I suppose yes okay
fine and the time that we have shared
together do you have any resentment
towards me I said it I bet it right do
you have any resentment towards me not
anymore
I have learned to forgive you I have
learned to let go of certain things when
did you resent me years ago would you
tell me you've always loved me you
resented me as well while you were
lovely yeah of course I think that's
just something that's in the back of
your minds well have you resented me
within the past since the beginning of
this year no no I don't have any recent
20 at all what about you
the only reason man I have towards you
is you not pursuing what we have now so
no because you were my educator you know
you taught me about women you taught me
how to charm and be respectful what not
respectful you know the mannerisms and
all that that stuff came from my mother
mm-hmm in the streets but you you were
so far advanced in regards to what needs
to be done and I resented you for that
that's the resentment that I still hold
know that yeah because you were very
much aware and conscious about what men
should do and what women should do you
knew the dynamic of relationship already
yeah you knew that instead of you
teaching me properly because we decided
to be lovers we never said that we were
going to do it always give me sending
girls okay it delete that from the video
listen when I presented it to you
because you have yet to remember how it
took place but I remember the song like
everything and when I presented it to
you you said I give you my word no
matter what any time you call me I'll
come to you any time you call me I'll
come to you
yeah but it was a sexual nothing even
our relationship thing this is what you
allowed to happen
when you not just the older one but the
with the experience that's needed to
advance in life you possess that I
didn't have that knowledge so yeah good
work on that so you know we've been when
do I hurt you not much when you say you
gonna leave me if I do this leave me you
hurt me when you leave stuff out there
open like bottles openers buy a shampoo
bottle totally see that I haven't I've
been trying to follow the directions and
the rules of the house so you wash the
dishes you leave this whole thing open
oh sorry that's when I hurt you yeah
that's like cuz this is so small just
you know when you hurt me when you make
me feel like an incompetent mother and I
think I told you this before do that
well that's how I feel that's when I
know that I'm hurting when you make me
feel you don't say it but certain things
you do certain things you say you know
your body language it makes me feel like
an incompetent mother and it's really
hurtful I do apologize because you
apologize before a couple of times like
that but I mean I'm doing it on camera
now okay so this one character is
documented
what is it read it what are you looking
why do I love you I love you because you
make me home are you open your legs oh I
didn't like I did it I was just good
like this go ahead answer that not
watching my body language I think that's
why you love me you do good despite
would you say anything cause to the sex
thing is questioning yeah yeah
you are wonderful you have learned so
much and I have I know I've made a lot
I love effort and teaching you and
you're amazing but you can make me home
you make me a better woman
that's why hmm why do I love you
after we did say we were gonna leave
their whole history yep what we did it
we touched every ass change dance again
since we did touch it after eighteen and
a half years in and out of prison I'm 36
about to be 37 everything that I've ever
thought about having in my life from the
very first time that I was incarcerated
at 13 yeah I have everything that I've
ever desired in life except for Passport
okay so why do you love me because of
that is you've provided all of those
things I mean you actually not so much
you provided it but you've assisted me
what accomplishing everything that I
know I needed in my life so that I
wouldn't go back to prison so that I
wouldn't be involved in the streets so
I'll make you better you perfected my my
understanding of righteousness I mean I
got tected what I needed to do through
the course of my last incarceration
which was the longest I've ever had to
do and throughout the course of that
time I've had to think of what would
require me to remain righteous what
would affect it and the perfected
righteousness took you and us having a
family
okay I can live with that thank you with
that because you owe me a margarita all
right how do you feel nervous what do
you feel I feel like this was one of the
best Denver punic sessions I've had
since for the past two years I've been
going to therapy I actually think I can
wean myself off for medication but yeah
I think that I could but I know I can't
because I still want you feel anxiety
okay and it was a little depressing
touching sorry yeah me too I feel a
little emotional right soon you do yeah
II really I don't know what happy who
are strange though to see you see you
get horny is he Terry oh man