what was the moment you felt closest to
me
besides birth I would say when we're
driving cross-country and racing they
were totally in sync and I love hearing
your stories just letting the road go by
and not having the radio on and it seems
the whenever we do those road trips all
the stories come out that normally
aren't told tell me about the first time
we met well that was the moment of your
birth and you were really in a hurry so
actually you were almost born in then in
the lobby of our house the second time
in front of the library and the third
time in the elevator
so yeah you were so ready to get out in
the world and see what it's all about
and said that was the moment I I I saw
you first and that's like every mother
really one notice about that because
it's it's just so magical and so it's a
miracle and and you still let Marik oh
and you're still it magical is it a
stronger bond or a different bond
between when Roland was born and when I
was born how is it different
that was interesting
simply because I I was actually worried
about that you know so how can I divide
the love
that I had for your mother how would I
share that with with another child I
mean how do I do that and your father
was very helpful because one day he said
you know life is not like a piece of
pizza
it's you slice it up and then it's gone
it is actually generating love and I've
made it very clear to me and so I I took
it that way and it's really has has
become that way that you generated your
own part of the emotion and the love
that you brought into my life and that
if I give back and continuously will
give back because it's easy you make it
easy
what are you hesitant to tell me not
much I think we're pretty lucky that
we've always had two very clear open
communication maybe it's cuz roll and I
were both homeschooled so there was
never a distance between us I don't have
anything yet
no one's pregnant that I know of so
that's kids but even then I wouldn't be
hesitant to tell you which is nice I
think that's probably the best thing
about our our relationship by the way I
mean that's key for profound connection
I think is that one can talk about
everything and that it isn't you know
valuated or that you know it's just yeah
I think it's so important that
relationships are organically growing
and the bad part comes with a good part
I mean it's just how it is in life so it
has to get through that so I I'm really
really glad that you feel that way and I
was also actually always proud when for
instance you know I mean mother-son I
mean I don't know if that is natural
it's natural to me that you would come
with things that were very personal you
know first erotic
discoveries or just you know I mean I I
remember that I remember you know I was
in Europe and you were in the United
States and you called me and you said
this has happened and and I was I didn't
hear the link to where you can see it
but you know and I remember that's so
clear that I thought how lucky am I
that my son is telling me what he feels
because of his first really meaningful I
mean the first I think I thought I was
elated
I was just no I was just saying more
Facebook's I couldn't status update it I
caught a lot of people that was then I
knew that somehow something was done
right in in order to give foundation to
our relationship and yeah thank you for
that that you did that
when do you feel closest to me when you
are having difficulties you know like
every every time in life one has to you
know you grow it's a growing process and
in order to grow it's always pain and a
little bit you know it's like steady but
we shedding bark or something because it
grows stronger so it has to shed things
and I think that's the same thing and
it's us with human beings and so when
you are in there in a tight spot I I
haven't known I can feel that and I feel
very close and I have to hold back
because I need to not want to solve it
for you you know and so I I feel very
because our birthdays are so close
together we're you know this all dates
are as sometimes you you it's just
amazing I mean you say something I've
just thought you know
and or vice versa or you start a
sentence and gets completed it's
unbelievable this is a I it's really a
wonderful thing that that can happen
that way so yeah that is when I feel
very close to you and interesting enough
I also feel phenomenal that we vibrate
on the same level when we car race I
mean there's no question it is it is I
feel what you think what is your next
action and hope that I do the same thing
or give the same you know helpful hints
as a co-driver so it that there it's
really merging into one phenomenal
I think it's my turn yes so
what do you love about me that I don't
see within myself that you're extremely
accomplished already I think that you
sometimes feel you need to prove
yourself and keep doing it over and over
and over again and it's never good
enough it cannot always be bigger and
better whether it's in your architecture
whether it's and anything that you do
let you pursue your perfectionist and I
think you just have to be okay with the
fact that you are as accomplished as as
you are
what are your three favorite memories
that we've shared oh very interesting
and and and fully loaded pursuit in life
with lots of it adventures because we do
live a very adventurous life it's a
choice I don't even know where to start
I've no clue but I I love one thing
because of the feeling and the early on
that when you when you were small you
were about four years old
and we used to live very isolated on an
island remember and and we we had never
really painted in the way that I mean it
was you know children's painting and
hand paintings and and so and I remember
we were on the terrace and all the
things were lying there and I was doing
myself in my work there and all of a
sudden you took a piece of paper and you
started drawing and I just thought it
was amazing I was just I mean you blew
me away
I mean that was that was amazing and and
I thought you have a good eye because it
showed that you had you know that that
everything I don't know it gave me great
confidence for you and then the the
story times you know always when we have
story times it's something wonderful be
it early on or now when we talk
and and I do feel because of life and
and and how everybody is busy and you
have other interests etc that I miss
really you know to have more of these
talks because I think if one is very
close one assumes that the other one
knows already what you think but it
isn't
I love communication and I know it here
it shows I think man don't communicate
like I would love that so if we had more
communication in the sense of
development of a talk now which we do in
a car you said it before yeah when the
landscape is passing by and everything
else is you know we're in that bubble it
happens but that bubble in daily life I
think really because I miss that I think
it works in a car because I can be
distracted I think sometimes there's
like pressure if you need to sit in
front of each other any like okay you
need to do it this way can that time
pass and just let the road and then ask
a question naturally comes yeah I do
have another question because you talked
about the painting do you regret that I
didn't go into architecture since you're
a fifth generation and I would have been
the sixth generation yeah it's
fascinating that because this question
only comes up now actually never came up
along the side when choices were meant
for professional pursuit or so and and I
do believe in in the freedom of choice
so I felt very fine at the time that you
were choosing
whether you chose and you're choosing
continuously to develop in in your
professional field but as I'm going on
in life and see really the the legacy of
a family and I do really think would be
wonderful but then of course you know in
conversation your brother said oh this
is the century way can be an architect
in many different forms because
architecture means organization of
people spaces and so perhaps you pursue
architecture just in a different form so
that is fine with me and you never know
I mean you know people change
professions all you know all the time so
perhaps one day you decide that all of a
sudden by natural instinct and you have
you know you learn it autumn because how
can you not learn by seeing all the
stuff around seeing buildings go up see
that you know much more than you think
and who knows one day perhaps you give
us all the surprise or you know oh don't
worry I've started minecraft so I'm on
the way so I think it's your turn isn't
me okay so it says in green color when
do you worry about me and why
I worry about you more now because I
know you're very stressed on multiple
different levels project and personal
and I can see that it takes a toll on
your health and you're my mother and
you're supposed to be super mother
always be strong and be able to do
everything and I do feel now that
there's a transition in which I need to
start taking more responsibility so that
I can alleviate the pressures and stress
of life for you and so I don't want you
to burn out even though o me did say
you're a candle burning at both ends you
know I think she's pretty right and
maybe it's okay just to burn on one end
but burn really brightly
in what ways are we similar and how does
that scare you
well we both have love for speech not
the drug driving yes yeah well I mean
forward movement yes I would not be
wearing short sleeves then well um if it
is skiing or if it is anything that's
lost you know we like it and a little
bit competitive yeah then comes the
competitive on top of it and then the
thought ah I think I can do this and
then all of a sudden you know yeah go
for it so yeah I think that's that's
probably the point but I don't know I I
have decided early on in my life that I
wanted to live an adventurous life and
that I would live in and benders life
and I do so how in the heck can I just
you know not expect that that is rubbing
off so I think and it's just great when
when we were in that sphere while we're
doing some very interesting things we're
pushing the envelope definitely if it is
where we go in you know Alaska you know
I mean these these events the glacier
drop-off and all these kind of things I
mean Madagascar was flying in an orderly
or with his pinnacles and changing
petrol and I mean in an ultra-light I
mean that's just really yeah I guess so
but it also makes you feel so much alive
you know when it all works I but the
love of life is of course stronger than
anything and and I hope that we
installed also in both of you and your
brother and you a sense of survival you
know that you don't go crazy and say
well I prove myself so I think plenty of
examples to show in which that should
not be a case that you followed
yourselves yeah I always think I think I
just hoped for protecting angels you
know not just one just almost not enough
but so whose turn is it behind sir sir
is it okay for still on the green mould
Oh what moments did you feel that I
abandoned you never that's pretty much
yeah if anything it would be the inverse
of that whatever sense of abandon
abandonment now you're always there
definitely I probably abandon you plenty
of times but you know I don't know I
think it's pretty lucky to have a very
strong mother who basically able to do
whatever shouldn't I think yeah you said
a really difficult tone for me finding
any sort of girl in my life because they
not only have to be an astronaut and
saving you know babies every day and you
know hyper creative and things like that
and very accomplished you know it's very
was a very high bar so I basically have
to look for that girl but there was
never any abandonment whatsoever maybe
sometimes I was hoping for it but I hope
she forgets me in the toy store yeah
okay so if you could change one thing
about how you raised me what would it be
and why
I think I would do one thing you are
very very good in your body motion and
you know I don't know what that's called
when you're coordinated and you're just
really an amazing athlete and I think if
I change anything I would would have
perhaps guided it more to a highly
competitive sport somewhere that you
would have found but be truly going into
a competitive mode because I think you
would have found great joy in that that
I see only now that I have learned
things in life I didn't see it at the
time you know because I thought it was
important to be able to do many things
so that you would feel secure in any
sport that would come in front of you
but I think I think it would have also
liked to Remini where you've been not
where your phenomenal skier you could
have gone very far in skiing for sure
and so in any other sports that you
would you set your mind and I think
would have been great at archery I would
have hit something so competitive I
gotta get to the end of the pile first
what's one lesson or value that I taught
you I I need to sound out the words
mother to try this this is gonna work
out what's one lesson or value that I
taught you now know is false or
hungry ate what's one listener value
that's I taught you how that you now
know okay that you now know is false or
a mistake and why who artificial
deadlines you're very good at giving
artificial deadlines if you must finish
this I don't know I think it's a German
thing that's it took Poland in three
days but to say I think it's yeah
definitely artificial deadlines we need
to do this right away it's really
important and they have to get there why
am i is it because I it's I don't know
okay all right we've all died running
across the desert to get here but a
heart attacks along the way do you think
I'm happy in my current relationship by
the way your hair the other side okay do
you think I'm happy in my current
relationship well that's a very poignant
question and bulls-eye question you well
I certainly hope that you are I don't
know that's the motherly thing but I
think it's really really difficult to
find a great mate you know there's no
question about it and and and one has to
just figure that out that I certainly
hope for the best but
I I think what's important in looking
for the right relationship it's not what
is here and now it is is where's the
potential to grow you know individually
and and together because you know it's a
long time and this takes a pretty high
if you raise a family so I know I'm
totally play by my self in jeopardy here
but you know whoever I am currently with
in my relationship if they just want to
tune out now of everybody that I've been
with in my life who would you like or
would have liked to see me actually
develop more of a relationship with
marriage children well they were
probably not the girls that you were
pursuing there were some girls in the
vicinity that of having that kind of
potential tell me that now great okay
but your friends married them and so I
think now you would have because if it
were if it was right the point is you're
you you have good senses and and I think
I think you will make a very good
decision and and because of who you are
and and simply of what you your you know
what makes you who you are
I really I trusted completely that that
is the case I just would hope that it is
not so painful for everybody so even if
I show up with hi this tyrone and we are
gonna adopt some beautiful babies would
you be okay with that
that
is I don't know I come from a very
traditional family and and I do believe
in children that are originated children
if it can be you know and but then life
throws curveballs who knows what that is
and so I think a simple form of having
you know or an organic good form is is
is is probably a good thing for one
reason because life is so complicated
anyway and then it's just beautifully
decorated our apartment will be it'll be
fabulous
I don't know well manicured lawn it'll
be and you get to help pick the child
that I you know what's interesting
because we have a lots of friends that
live that way and they live wonderfully
that way and I think it's great and I am
in you know helping in all aspect how I
can to make those relationships you know
grow but if I have to look truthfully in
my heart I would hope that you have a
traditional way of having children was
was a woman that is growing with you and
actually you and and you enable each
other because I think I see so many
relationships where where they you know
they just they almost stifle each other
because I don't know what it is fear
each other or whatever instead of the
true of a good relationship where you
just enable each other to be the best
you can be yeah so that is it and I
think that is one next to look for that
potential in the person because a long
life you you you know everybody here in
the room will live on till you're 100
you know so should be a good choice that
must grow and cannot be judged by what
is now I think the issue is that people
they need to give each other the gift of
missing one another because often the
stifling comes when you're just
consoling together and the reason one
falls in love with somebody is because
you have outside they're new and unique
and different and so they have to have
other interests outside or just the
relationship otherwise then it just gets
left out so I agree with you and don't
worry Tyrone's not showing it that's
right I think so yeah okay this is
blackface no what is one experience you
wish we never had one experience a
certain somebody getting arrested I
would say that yeah moving swiftly along
okay what's the sacrifice that you've
made that I have that I've failed to
acknowledge
Wow I don't think because I mean no I
don't think I don't think any God I have
to think about it a sacrifice that you
didn't acknowledge pack the bags honey
let's go on a guilt trip just let me
feel it
no no oh yes when we moved and nobody
showed up and I had to do all the things
with one very very dear friend who
absolutely came to my side I can't still
don't know what but you know that was a
mega move and everybody thought that
they didn't need to show up my did
entire family didn't show up for it and
when and then you all said oh you're so
capable exactly I do not take blame
because you raised us to know that we
had a super a woman that mother who's
fully capable to do these things so of
course it's perfectly natural to not
show up I I would hope if we ever move
again or something similar that occurs
oh yes I will be there do you wish I had
given you grandchildren by now no no
because you haven't found the right girl
so that wouldn't it be a good thing
obviously do I wish to be still alive
when they're grandchildren yes I thought
very much enjoy that so all I can say I
hope that one day you realize you that's
right
that's the mother of my children because
a whole different story I think
personally to find a lover then to find
the mother of your children
it's a whole different thing so what are
the traits that I need to look for
potential for growth because your
children will you know have all the
qualities etc that you
I believe in elevation in life okay I
think if I'm looking of why we're here
and going through all of us then I think
it is that we are gathering knowledge
and that we are elevating ourselves in
all aspects including in being able to
to love to be ready to receive love and
to have all the experiences that make a
full life so but it is in order to
elevate so and I think therefore again
again I must be potential there so
always look at the mother oh yeah for
the girl definitely definitely and very
seriously I mean not just oh no I don't
think this is not happening
yeah daughters become their mother's
very
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me right now not having my father in
your life more that's true thank you
and the reason being because I think it
is a wonderful thing to actually have
all aspects of girls we just talked
about you know and so but on the other
hand I've been thinking about that it's
also makes one very strong because you
need to deal with that how you need to
just deal with it and find absolutely
balance for the entirety and the family
I believe that really the the balance
within the family is an enormous
important thing it gets mostly done by
one and and so I I just hope I grow so
much into that that I can handle that to
be a very good matriarch you know so and
I was very very surprising
what do you wish you could heal in me
what pain would you take away I think a
similar situation has to do with your
father because it has a specific
expectations for you and as well for
your brother and and I think that you
have used many years to fulfill his
expectations rather than your own
expectations and it is amazing and I
think it is a wonderful thing I'm very
happy for yourself that you found the
point where you found the platform and
the point of the tipping point that you
said no I need to fulfill my own
expectations which you do and pursue and
at this moment in your life and that I
think is very good for you stripping is
a hard career it wasn't for me
what mistakes do you see me making that
you have also made what would you advise
me to do not to respond to the email
from the African Prince that wants your
bank account for 20 million I did it
twice and each time I regret it but if
he's out there I hope he I will send my
details again I've updated them and he
can reach me anytime
yeah but it's the case Wow I mean I said
before life is false
yeah what's the greatest lesson I taught
you
besides not responding to the emails
from the Prince okay well to get along
with my computer really yeah no I'm
without you I may not be in the dark
ages you know I I'm just a generation
where we fall off the chair because or
in between the chairs or what that's
called you know and you just just I mean
that is really great you continuously
make sure that I that I get it and that
I have the right material and that I at
least get the basics so I think now this
is this is really immensely helpful it
was very frustrating to have a mother
he's quite capable and like builds
entire cities and you know as quite an
accomplished career and then to be
totally afraid of a machine and I don't
know how does that an email but but it's
why it was the it was the touch screen
of the iPad that totally changed I mean
amazing including the fact you know that
you one day said why in the heck are you
still drawing on paper
why don't you just decide on this thing
and then one day in up in an airplane I
just you know started in life I think
it's fantastic you know so and I was
very proud the other day when I was
trying to do something on your drawing
piece and I couldn't figure it out and
then you're like well Justin you just
add this layer and then you just
transparent make it transparent just I
was like okay
so that's that's a great thing
I think that's that's a perfect
parent-child relationship is when the
parent you know at first the children
learned from the parents and then the
parents if they are if they're you know
that they I think if they get it then
they should learn from the trauma and
that's fantastic
we just talked on the way here about
what keeps you young you know and that's
a fantastic thing about you and your
brother but especially you I mean
because you include me was all your
friends completely I mean I literally
have no friends in my own age group they
are either clients or the government's I
don't know they are all these this is
the other world but my private world is
your age range and that is no I mean
we're just something today no no I'm not
serving I'm in the kayak they're surfing
but i but I'm the other whales they're
the feels there's a fabulous sunset my
friends are serving and and I'm up with
them I mean this is great you know and
in that that is a fantastic gift and I
want to thank you for it profoundly
thank you for well you're pretty darn
cool yourself I mean it's it's roll
night discussed it and we figured out
what our secret weapon was with girls
and it was always you we literally
didn't have to do anything we just
introduced the girls to you and you're
like this uber woman which every girl
loves and thinks this is amazing
I don't know maybe it was a little bit
weird when I had you come to that dinner
on the first date but I think she was a
little bit confused by it but by the end
she was great
now that I think back but yeah okay
moving on what's your greatest fear
about getting older obviously being kind
of a mobile or because I live such a
over reginal life and and and so if that
if the mobility shifts I don't know I'm
not sure how I would handle that though
I prepare myself for it because I know
why the jet pack showed up from Amazon
okay I'm thinking you know so what kind
of projects that I always wanted to do
will I do if that's if that is happening
etc so I'm kind of prepared so I think I
couldn't do that five years and then I
know already what a viable started total
new career when I'm 90 years old so I
know something I've never done before
and and I you know what so it can only
be exciting about that but a true fear
is also I'm a responsible person and
when I get contracts I I really and when
the kind of contracts I have building
communities and a large scale there's
not long you know long distance many
years I want to be able to finish those
you know that that's a thing so and then
I have many artistic projects personally
that I would like to complete and what
I'm saying and I know I frustrate you
sometimes by saying I need to complete
the projects I just have to complete the
things then
that I wouldn't I would like not to
leave unfinished things that are works
that many years have gone into books and
and all kinds of you know the feature
film that I directed me to be finished
but then obviously is always something
else that is it's pressing because these
are giant these are client obligations
and they are always coming first and and
then life is in any case you know my my
case family was always my priority
always my entire life more than any
professional things and so I I wouldn't
like to leave unfinished things that
would be wonderful that would be wish I
have
you wait your turn do you have a moment
that changed the direction in your life
being born definitely had a massive
influence on the direction of my life I
would say my time in Australia and that
relationship influenced me it definitely
made me from a boy to a man because I
realized what I wanted and what I needed
and what I deserved that is true that
was difficult to watch from the far and
you absolutely came out in flying colors
that I there were flames but they were
bright colors but you see this is this
is what life is about having these
experiences and growing on them and you
know what what was what I was always
very glad about and that is that you're
the man who doesn't leave a wreck behind
or if you know what I mean with our
words whoever you had in your life in in
in a relationship yeah all your friends
that's an amazing accomplishment and and
I mean friends they'd like to see you
later on you know there is not you have
not someone who who says I that's
amazing and I'm actually quite happy
about it because it shows that somehow
in parenting you must have you must have
gotten how you know how to appreciate a
woman I mean you know in friends people
anybody you know and and that is
something I love about you is the
compassion
the friendship you have for other people
it's it's amazing that's amazing really
and and as a mother to see that that can
make you proud it makes me proud what do
you most admire about me I think you
just said it ya know it's definitely I
mean but there's more to that because
you just you have that possibility to
turn any situation into a good situation
and to see always a positive thing in
everything you know and I I mean you
just you have a good heart that's the
point you have a good heart and and then
it's a good package well I thought about
it
a few years ago because when everyone's
y-you think well Who am I why am i and
all those things and I realized that you
and oh me to a degree but you mostly are
gave me the foundation of Who I am
so the core the most important my values
and everything else daddy gave me a lot
kind of above that but the real solid
main core values and foundation is
definitely for me
that's what mothers do I love being a
mother I love being your mother
Oh talk show up with Tyrone why do you
have no cards it nice to live on that
competitive questions what is the
mistake that I keep repeating what is
the mistake that I keep repeating not
reading your cards properly this is the
mistake that you keep repeating maybe
taking on more than you should
supposed to just focusing on a few
projects instead of doing all of them
and not capitalizing or using
punctuation and your text messages or
emails what is the secret that you have
been too afraid to tell me I did steal a
toy boat once at a drugstore in Montana
I was about six years old and I did feel
so guilty about it that about ten years
later when we were there again I paid
for it yeah but I've never really had
any major secrets cuz we always
discussed it yeah so I think that's a
really good thing yeah let's keep it
that way please
what was the moment you were proudest of
me was the moment that I was proudest of
you it happens often and so they kind of
I don't know it sounds terrible but it's
desensitized almost um I don't know when
you gave your TEDx talk when when you
when you win a stage on the bull run I
think that was actually that's probably
one of my most proud moments because
everybody was expecting me to get out of
the driver's seat but it was you having
crushed everyone else resembling yeah
you make me proud every day I'm really
lucky to have an awesome mother so I
don't need moments I just have it all
the time
Wow