you remember about the first time we met
[Music]
pretending that I was asleep here in the
garage door open it was about 3:30 a.m.
or something like that
I remember the expectation
I remember pretending
did I say pretending being asleep and
and just kind of playing a joke on you
and then kissing you and holding
yeah when was the moment you knew you
loved me
our first telephone conversation when I
was asking you about the wedding vows
and I asked is that you when you said
yes
I don't know I thought wasn't expecting
this thank you sir what's your three
favorite memories that we've shared
three favorite memories that we've
shared yours
there are so many three favorite at the
trip across the country going from
Austin to - to Amarillo and then to
Allentown just yeah that was the first
road trip we took actually the Costa
Rica was also really great that
Christmas taking longer Landry - the
Costa Rica's a graduation present and
our marriage day mmm
it's really nice what about you can I
ask you that I don't know if you can
Costa Rica's huge I also love our first
meeting Charlie and Brian's wedding and
mm-hmm just was magical because it was
their wedding and weddings are magical
and you know that's a really wonderful
memory mm-hmm and mornings in your mom's
kitchen
[Music]
mmm when do you feel closest to me when
do mm-hmm
when do you feel closest to me
when we're cooking mmm and the mornings
mornings are really if we're up together
words it up at the same time which is
not often what are you hesitant to tell
me
I think although are enough I think my
biggest challenge is always I guess I'm
taking a different route but when I'm
not sure if my words are going are going
to cost you anxiety or or or there's
gonna create tension so I'm always
hesitant to share to be honest in about
a certain thing or about a certain
feeling that I have
so that us do not create friction so
that's not a subject but is it more
situation what's the greatest lesson I
taught you
there are a lot maybe grace forgiveness
with kind of all my baggage I think
you're sort of still teaching me even
though maybe that's not your intention
you have forgiveness and grace with just
all the stuff in the world you know and
and and not just the act of forgiving
but the process of forgiving so when we
were going to the lake the other day and
that lady pissed me off because she
asked for the new sticker and I
appreciate that you're learning how to
communicate that to me in a way that I'm
hearing it better about like just you
are teaching me to like it's not really
her fault you know so no it's my time oh
how is money a conflict in our
relationship OhLaLa I have as you know
I've always struggled with the with this
idea of making money which is no longer
a struggle by the way just a tool to
understand my relationship with money
and not given that importance that much
importance in my life although I
understand how how necessary it is I
think that the biggest challenge has
been in relationship you know being
alone it's okay but in relationship
it gets so tied into the idea of
self-worth and providing that
yes this challenge what is the question
again I got lost into it okay how is
money a conflict in our relationship
yeah so III think that also you have
been the primary primary provider
financially and so III think that that
causes I think both internal friction
and friction here not knowing if your
value of me is also tied to that or
knowing that it's not but at the same
time knowing how important money is to
you and secure financial security so
it's that friction between um being
self-sufficient being responsible and on
the other hand the the certain
detachment I have to it so that's that's
a really interesting internal dialogue
as well as well as here am I the best
sex you ever had
easy easy
I don't think you believe me oh I
believe you okay we've talked about that
before
[Music]
what do you wish you could there's two
questions mm-hmm what do you wish you
could heal in me / what pain would you
take away hmm
so what do you wish you could heal in me
what pain would you take away
I think to heal in you although although
I know that I have I don't have that
power but I think that I can assist in
the process would be which which is
often as a source of conflict in us is
this idea of of of support that that to
be supported and and to let me support
you or let other people support you
without feeling criticized and I see
that pattern with other people I think
that are close to you without feeling a
sense of being controlled by the
contributions that other want to do in
your life so it's been a fine thing
between between you know learning to
support you in the way that you need to
be supported and the second heal and
take away pain ain't a little early I
think the pain that the church has cost
you it's such a huge source of
discomfort for you whatever that means
I mean institution what what but what
what by church I mean what institutions
have done to you or have have not done
to you that I didn't want to say that I
don't feel that does that's that's not
what I want to say just I wish I could
take away the pain of your journey with
the church
do you wish I make more money me too
I wish you know we talked about this
before I didn't sign up to be the
breadwinner I'm like I'm not the person
either that wants to just be taken care
of I mean you know me I'm all about
balance in equality so like I don't like
paying the bills yeah I don't like it
yeah and I know that yes that's why
we're what can I change about this
do you regret committing to me what i
mean by that is with all my family's
quirks and and now that you know me like
it's multi-leveled you know so now that
you know me well and profoundly mm-hmm
you know and part of you know like some
of my insecurities and stuff do you
regret committing to me mm-hmm not a
single second no I'm gonna expand on
that I think part of me mourns as you
know we always talk about this idea of
being monogamous while at the same time
being polyamorous so I'll be honest with
you part of me mourns in his soft choice
because I said person that functions
best in a monogamous relationship I
still mourn this idea of experience in
other people of of actuate in love with
other people so that's just a little
warm but however my commitment to you
our commitment never never it's it's is
such a gift and it was so easy to say
yes to this commitment I mean from the
very
first time and I mean there is not a day
that I'm not grateful for our journey
together do you have a fantasy that
you're afraid to share with me I know
that question came up in the film thing
hmm you know the first night I don't
have a fantasy I'm afraid of a sexual
fantasy mm-hmm so is that what no it's
just a fantasy it's open just a fantasy
in general like something that you found
fantasize about and yet you're afraid to
share with me because X Y or Z I mean
sometimes I fantasize yeah about it
comes back to the money thing like you
know I would love it if you'd get a
teaching position and because I think
that academic life would be fun mm-hmm
and interesting so I fantasize about
that mmm and then but I don't think I'm
afraid to share it with you only only
that I know that you don't want that and
so I I just I don't so there's no fear I
sometimes fantasize that we have kids
mm-hmm and I'm not afraid about that but
I might have some more sadness about it
because it I I have the opinion that
it's too late because I'm in my 50s and
you're about to be in your 50s and I
just think that that's not responsible
and so I I don't know I don't really
have
I'm afraid to tell you about mm-hmm so
we explore a little bit that because you
said you know I know that you don't want
to teach but that's not true
necessarily you know that there is
conflict there's internal comfort
because I do want to teach you however I
want to teach on my terms
ya know you know and so they you know
what I mean no I do it I should I should
have made myself more clear like I think
I think it'd be fun if you taught in a
university setting you know because I
think that cultures fun academia you
know I romanticized that I think I'm
finding out that I mean maybe I'm drawn
to that and that's probably what I
should have done you know like I should
have studied sociology and got a PhD and
become a sociology professor and some I
think I'm transferring on you you know
because you're like I'm sad I can't
really make changes I mean I can but so
that's what I mean academically on the
university level so I know that you want
to that you want to teach on your terms
yes mantra is what could I do to improve
our relationship
I think but I believe that accepting
yourself that's who you are and trusting
that I already do you know I know that
you're at times self-conscious about how
you look and so I I think if if you let
go a little bit of that self-criticism
and know that it's not coming from the
other side for me and and and just
letting me love you for who you are what
you are you know regardless of what you
look regardless of this regardless of
that I think that that would just open
up another aspect of our relationship
and I think that we have been there
maybe I'm not sure but you know that's I
think that that would be
mmm when do you worry about me
and why when do I worry that mean and
why
I worry that here you don't plan for the
future and I'm kind of afraid that
that's gonna end our relationship sooner
than asked to and so I worry look I
really think it's going to be fun to
grow old together and so I worry that
you're not planning you know you're
really healthy you know and I recognize
you know that we have different cultures
that we come from and I know that I am a
product of my society and my culture I
know that but at the same time I can't
help but worry about your health even
though you're healthy mm-hmm you know
maybe it's irrational but I do
so can we explore that a little bit more
so yes so because of the employment I've
had and at times haven't had you know
working in the studio and blah blah blah
we have we have been I have been with
our insurance we are fortunate that now
through your new employment we I have
insurance are you okay with I mean life
is so unpredictable mm-hmm you know so
really looking at this idea that really
there is nothing we can do
because even even even people who have
all the means in the world are gone you
know even without without any control
I mean sure they can pay doctors they
can do this they can do these procedures
and some people are able to survive with
that but so so so I hear you are here I
hear you're worried and I understand
where it comes from at the same time so
is that also tied with financial is that
financial worry is it might be you know
because like I don't know like what
would happen if you know we had to have
hospice and you know maybe it's because
I'm in that industry think about that
you know people have to spend a shitload
of money all the time for you know some
kind of disease and so maybe it is
financial just like there's some
financial insecurity but it also is kind
of tied up and it seems irrational I
mean
because you're super super healthy and
maybe you've since you've already had
your brush with death that gives you a
pass card or something I don't know but
okay so how do you feel about and we
have had this conversation so let's say
I get sick you know one of the big ones
comes along or whatever and I decide you
know what we just don't have the money
for this I'm just gonna end it how will
you feel about that because I've
experienced you know I've experienced
people know like they've done suicide
and so like I don't really have a strong
moral issue with that no no that's not
your question mm-hmm just I don't know
what this I don't know that I would be
upset with you know I wouldn't want that
I love someone I suspect I would want to
take care of you you know we've not been
there mm-hmm you know but when you love
someone you I mean I've never loved
anyone like I love you too sighing I
would want to take care of you so it's
interesting and I'm being tricky you
know where I'm going with this because
you often say that if you were in a
certain situation you would end your
life and so I just want you to reflect
on that because the same way that you
just said it I also want to be that for
you know if whatever situation came
along I mean because the insurance is
not going to assure anything and you
know that or whatever finances it so you
often say if I were in that situation I
would just end it and you know we go
back and forth so I think that this we
need to keep this dialogue going okay in
terms of because I want the same I want
to be able to my
meant to you it's my commitment to you
and so were you in a situation where you
needed care man I want to do that I want
to sign up for that yeah but that thing
is not dignified either and it's
miserable I mean that with that thing
you know but you don't even know if
that's gonna happen no I don't know
exactly
so anyway I just go for it
Jessica you can ask what do I give you
that none of your other partners did
well none of you know my other partners
or people I dated and gave me the sense
of kind of home you know it's just like
it's home you're home to me and that was
easy you know it's like it was just so
easy to you know I mean I I don't know
how to explain it it's just like your
home so even though there are other
people that have also felt that way I
obviously have made my commitment to you
and so anyway yeah okay
are you ever worried I may fall in love
with someone else
and why yeah
that worries me sometimes you know when
we have visitors from other countries I
it's because my own insecurities I you
know one time I don't even remember the
context but you know I really appreciate
your honest and you really share things
but you said you like these guys that
were just really thin you know and you
like that and I'm not that I know it was
just one contacts and it's just my
insecurities you know I think like one
of your previous relationships could
have given you the world as far as an
art studio space and another guy is
really artistic and I'm not as deeply
creative it has some of your previous
guys and even sometimes really truly
wonder if you could fall in love with a
woman and because I know how openly
loving you are and I love that about you
but I I can't be a woman either
and so yeah I sometimes do and I mean
it's just all over the board and so I'm
sure it's just my insecurities because
then you know in a row there are a
couple of guys I've told you that you
know they're so masculine and I think
that you would you know just be really
attracted to that more so I think that
it's not anything that you've indicated
to me I think it's just really and truly
my own insecurities know
what is interesting about that is that
it's not a question of would I fall in
love with somebody else
because before I came into this
relationship I was in love with somebody
for him
III remember that person I remain in
love with several people they're not
fall in love with with people I mean you
know that so it's not a question of so
the that's the healthy at all the fact
that you know that I love you're not the
only person I love right you know that
we know that however however you are the
person I love with such a profound I can
say you're just home to me so and so
maybe that that question is a better
question because we know that we talked
about that that you're loving so are you
you're worried I may fall in love with
someone else I guess I'm not worried
because I know that you do love other
people I'm afraid that you'll leave me
or choose them over me okay that's the
best okay I'm not afraid you'll choose
them over me okay
you never know gotta keep it interesting
I yeah
what changing me could I make to improve
my relationship with my mom they're not
even charging for this counseling you
know just being to your mom who you
already are being to mom you know
letting go of all the shit's I mean you
you always talk about oh don't shoot
them people and so if if if you were
able to with mom just be with it be with
who she is love her the way you love her
and and just suspend all the all the
shoes or the criticism or the i wish ii
this or i wish that you know do you
understand what i'm going with this just
just just loving mom for who she is
except okay grace right what grace we
talk about grace
so total acceptance so grace is
regardless of their circumstances you
love your acceptance of this human being
is not tied with anything they have done
or anything they have failed to do so if
somehow you know we could wipe all of
that and encounter mom just as the human
being she is with all the baggage of
growing up before the baggage of you
know she smoked in the house you know in
front of me and i could get sick or i
get sick because she smoked or no
child or or but that is that a change in
me what change in me is a so you're
saying just change my perspective your
perspective exactly just just changed
your perspective there shoots letting go
of the shoots of all that in just the
perspective because I know that you're
ready are that they are kept of of just
loving loving a human being without in
spite of the circumstances so if you
could extend that to your mom you know
so let's let's look at some of the
friends the people that you love and
accept regardless of how they are I mean
you just like they're your friends that
your family record lists of
disagreements or whatever so I just
think that guys know that's a good point
and I want to
how have I changed since we met and how
do you honestly feel about it have you
changed since we met
I don't really know that I think that
you have changed much mm-hmm how have
you changed I don't know that you've
changed mmm you're you're pretty
consistent how have you changed and what
honestly feel about it
I don't have an answer I guess what do
you think is the hardest thing for me
right now
I think mmm
I'm gonna give you two answers okay on
the one hand it's it is really seeing
mom going through her process dealing
with mom's dementia and and that you
know and seeing that also have to
grapple with it to deal with it yeah I
think I think that's the most
significant so I'm gonna stick with just
one answer I'm glad I did not wear
mascara today because it's my turn okay
what would make you leave me I mean
probably just a few chose someone else
you know if you would leave me
these also you know because we go to
some pretty sometimes we go to
conventional their traditional
conservative churches so if you if you
got healed okay I'll probably I probably
I'm not sure but I I thought about it
before I'm going first me back to Texas
some of these people are praying for you
to get healed
I don't even if I can stay in the town
Stevie uh-huh just so you know I don't
pray for healing I think it's my turn
when when you aren't the place that what
you define is successful mm-hmm you know
and you know when you're famous and
super super wealthy
are you gonna still want this invitation
mean our marriage our marriage yes well
I think that by then I could afford a
couple of other people so yes of course
of course and what I mean by that is
like we said before I want to be there
to take care of you the same way that
you take care of me daily by worrying it
might be boring
I think I'm successful already even
though there's no money and I think that
I'm successful because because of you
that that you have created this
opportunity for me you you have provided
an opportunity for me in the past and I
so long I so long to be able to not here
not feel successful here but really to
be able to be successful financially so
that I could do the same you know you
you you talked about we talked about
earlier you alluded to that a little bit
that that you feel that maybe like
teaching is no longer an option for you
because you have passed ad because you
are 50 or whatever so one of the things
that I dream about is to be able to say
Doug we don't need you to go to work
honestly I mean that would be such a
satisfying place to be so if you could
go into the pharmacy one day a week just
to keep practicing to keep at it and
then be able to if you want to study
psychology psychology or you wanted to
study sociology or whatever you are free
to do that so
some absolutely absolutely
yes because I think that that would take
us into this different aspect of of this
relationship of what we have you know
there are so many facets that we haven't
explored so for example travel I mean I
know that both of us have traveled in
both of us love traveling I know that
you dream about living in here honor I
want to experience those in those things
with you
it would cartagena so if i had the
platform if I had the ability to provide
for us that would be very satisfying
hmm what do you think is the biggest
challenge to our relationship
I would say our physical intimacy hmm
sometimes I think our communication
style is cuz it's so thorough I kind of
want to just be quick but then sometimes
not and so those two things mmm so what
can we do about it I think we are doing
things about it that's the wrong all
right in only him then I was looking at
what you asked me okay what was it what
what I asked you know I asked you I
asked it to you what did I ask you what
do you think is the biggest challenge to
relationships so you know I for me it's
been the same you haven't asked it but I
think I want to answer it is because for
us you know you fantasize about what a
marriage is and although it's a cliche I
really thought that you know man I can't
wait to be in a relationship to have sex
daily you know and it's such a challenge
to do not have that matched and so it's
such a source of internal friction you
know so yeah let's work on it
is that I am going to ask another one
because you only have one left and I
have three own oh yeah that's fine huh
what is one experience you wish we never
had one experience wish we never wish we
never had
I don't know I don't know I don't
experience
like it yeah I cannot think of do you
want to get to the same place no oh yeah
you cuz I have one yeah it may not even
be a question sure sure
what is the secret that you have been
too afraid to tell me
I
it's not a secret but in my previous
marriage there were issues of physical
intimacy issues mm-hmm and so I might be
a secret I'm afraid to even bring it up
with me I don't know I'm the source of
that or not because the previous
marriage she there's something happened
to her and so it was easy to say that's
the reason mmm and so I'm not sure that
I can say that for our physical intimacy
mm-hmm barriers
what do you love about me that I don't
see with myself mmm what do you love
about me that I don't see with myself
hmm you have you have certain in spite
of your experiences you have such an
innocent spirit such a such a man just
loving spirit you know there's just
something about you that it's just
beautiful beautiful and I'm not sure you
see it you see it if there's just it's
not a gullible spirit but it's a spirit
that is just like so curious loving open
yeah I just see that it's just a
beautiful spirit that I go
yeah
thank you thank you why do you love me
there's not a reason or a thing and this
is why it's so valuable
it's just I just do you have never even
when I was married to a woman and going
through divorce I've told you this
before I pray to God for you
and I didn't I didn't say pray for that
man with brown skin you know I I so it's
very cliche but it is just there and I
don't I don't know how you know cuz you
have faults and you're not the most
beautiful person physically on earth but
you it's you know like I didn't used to
believe in previous lives and stuff but
it's like we know each other and I
there's no reason you are I do find you
beautiful but the ayah just it's just
there like I can't I can't explain this
to my family you know I I have known a
lot of men to I'm not like maybe dated
but there is a there is it's just it
just is it's I love you and it's
profound and I know that not everybody's
gonna be able to experience that true
true love you know this kind of love
that Cody I gotta see a Marcus he talks
about it and you know I'm just one of
that and it's just because I don't know