when you think of the first time we met
what do you remember well the first time
we met ever yeah I don't remember much I
do I do ever love they don't I do I know
it was in Starbucks yeah which is really
bad and we were both in our school
uniform yeah glee holy faith uniform yes
yeah horrible but I have a photo from
him yeah you took yeah so that's why I
remembered but if it wasn't yeah I don't
know I remember I'd heard a lot of it oh
no the first time I saw you you were
dressed as a man yeah you cuz you were
yeah you were playing Bill Hickok and
Calamity Jane and I remember saying that
like I mean you played a man really well
but it was very obviously you're a woman
my obvious reasons and yeah I remember
whenever you came on stage with this
like swagger you walk that you've done
but like after yeah I remember yeah that
was I think yeah it was the first time I
saw you I remember thinking that you
were a beautiful man beautiful man okay
you go yeah when do you feel closest to
me I'm back from very intimate moments I
don't know and I feel closest to you
just like lying on the couch I think
back in Dublin I used to feel very close
to you I mean to remember just moments
in your bedroom just air is kissing that
was very obviously very very close yeah
I think that's a really really intimate
moment yeah you said look at it when we
look at each other sometimes it feels
very very close these days these days
the same I think yeah we don't spend as
long kissing but it's too
when I feel closest to you for sure oh
yeah my god oh yeah when do you feel
closer to me
like right before we go to bed or
exactly when we wake up in the morning
see I'm really groggy honey I'm really I
was like well yes Stephen we go we go
and then right before I go to bed you're
proper like I don't like a light and I'm
still there like oh so that's really
when I don't feel closest to you at all
okay
why do you hesitant to tell me that's
what I'm hesitant to give any of it I
think I was hesitant to tell you it's
like you need to stop working or like
pay attention to me or something yeah
that's when I do work yeah yeah yeah
yeah is that it - anything else he
hasn't won any weight I'm hesitant to
tell you about my secret my secret like
things that I do yeah
well you know that that lamp but it was
a secret it was a beautiful secret well
it's still lasted and sometimes I go for
like bike rides on my own and just have
some me time I think I'm kind of because
I like having that place for myself
maybe I don't let you and on because I'm
hesitant to tell you about that because
I feel that you'd feel very isolated if
I had my own time that I wasn't letting
you in on yeah but it's not it's not
something that's for you it's for me for
me I think and in the same way that I
think I needed to go to France and Spain
and things like I need to do things on
my own I think and I think I'm hesitant
to tell you that I need to do that but
it's not it's just something that I need
to do because I need to develop for
myself I think so that's what I'd be
hesitant to tell you that
how do you feel about that you sure yeah
it doesn't as long as I know where you
are funny that's the fun I'm not telling
you where I am it could be anyway okay
what's the biggest challenge to our
relationship and how do you think we can
solve this hmm I think there's a few
challenges I think right now we've a
very obvious challenge of just trying to
find our way in the world and like
working really hard and doing our own
thing that's a huge challenge but I
think as well too smooth I think we're
very foundational in our relationship
Buddha's odd I don't know whether that's
a challenge like that we rooted maybe
knows I don't really know where I'm
going with this what do you think is I
think is challenged
you think a I don't know what are this
doesn't work yeah that it it's just like
I feel like we do really have challenges
but we don't they seem so trivial
presently in the bigger picture yeah
yeah because we're so ambitious to reach
a point whereby we're both very
comfortable that they all just like we
just there's no question that we won't
get through them I don't think I would
like to think I agree it doesn't nothing
feels like a challenge I worry about
things when we actually sit down and
talk about it I think cuz we do allow
ourselves the space to talk about it
but when we don't talk about it then it
becomes a challenge
maybe our challenges when we don't talk
and we get distracted by other things
that are really important
perhaps as am i go you go okay when was
the last time I disappointed you and how
did you feel about it
I feel like we're gonna come across as
really boring which we're not I'm gone
when he didn't go to my graduation maybe
were right up the road not really
disappointed me sorry
yeah maybe set something Ahmed's need to
tell you about criticize you I was
really about and then we went to your
house and I didn't go to party with my
friends because he needed well you
needed me to support you so that's all
very well and good but I feel like oh
yeah that was really bad come on there
was bad I can't think of anything
there's got to be like what about when I
went away and stuff and but that was not
the last time that's so long ago that
definitely wasn't Eliza eliciting sure i
disappoint you every day when he didn't
finish yoga yesterday in the attic gave
up you gotta eat you got ahead of that
quick is it Mike no to you go no it's
not I don't understand about you I don't
think there's anything you don't
understand a baby you're actually the
only person that really understands me
except for me huh maybe he understands
me
in a different way in a different way
for ya you understand me
more than anyone yeah what was the is
there anything anything well do you feel
the same is there anyone that
understands you maybe Larry Kramer do
you understand you
because we grew up together so you may
heard yeah well in adulthood at least
yeah
like the real girl like we did together
yeah yeah okay um we run into questions
we should like elaborate more we just go
back and do the same questions to get
maybe a decision oh when is the best sex
you ever had
was I am I the best sex you ever had did
you just all do that question no I just
read every proof
oh yeah that's ex yeah we heard likewise
absolutely no I'll square like a few no
no but it's a a very specific memory
there's only one timer is there like no
a few times just in general yes okay
letter Ike
what do you think I'm missing out on by
being with you you're missing out
probably like being really sad I think
you really happy you met me a Michigan
unlike lonely artist lifestyle yeah
that's a lady you're missing it I'm
sorry
no that's really it's not really it's
not really big headed no it's true I
think you'd be really sad if you were me
you'd probably be you actually know I
think if we if we weren't together you
might have gone abroad for university
which means you might be some like
massive scholar somewhere more than
likely Oxford I'd say I'd say you would
have probably not gone into the arts
because maybe you felt that support from
my side that's true yeah I think you
would have gone into maybe literature
yeah maybe a journalist journalist in
New York or something no you wouldn't
live in New York and okay what do you
think I'm missing out on by not being in
this by being in this relationship may
be more fun yeah you're quite serious oh
you're quite serious in general yeah
thank you I made you grow up very fast I
think you did yeah I think I missed but
if we weren't in this lady it might
still be a child yeah yeah I think I'd
be like I don't know I don't even want
to think about it I'd be awful but you'd
probably be happy I'd hate myself I'd be
just like this whoof kind of I don't
know that's a be kind of thought I'd
said we fought kind of gamer very far
removed where I'd still wear really
baggy jeans you've really tastefully
caught out all the bad like things you
really change me when mmm put it in your
capable hands
I think but I'm very glad to not be
there it could be having maybe more fun
probably I yeah I think you've really
made me kind of serious yeah I take
myself a lot more seriously but I'm not
more comfortable myself and a lot more
self-confident as well yeah
oh yeah fresh okay when were you closest
to ending the relationship what didn't
and why is that for me ie this is
something I really shouldn't say I
I was very seriously considering ending
that not ending the relationship but I
was like why am I doing this when before
we went on holidays last time just like
a few weeks ago when you were just in
this tonal vision focus and I felt so
isolated in every room in every regard
because I mean we're living here with no
friends where we have friends here but
we've no real friends here for very very
isolated when I felt unsupported and
really sad and I was wondering is it
healthy for me to be in this
relationship and is this something that
I want to put up with yeah that was like
maybe I should call it into thought the
past in my mind for maybe for a few
hours yeah few areas I was like what
should I do
I was so upset because I the chicken no
no I think I'm I thought about it a lot
I didn't like I mean it was always like
an option I think it's always an option
that we're in the relationship but it's
not something that we a decision that
I'm gonna take because I had
because there's no battery removed in my
bedroom for two hours like that's not a
reason that relationship I mean I think
we definitely needed to get away we just
needed to like leave everything that we
just leave our ambitions behind and just
focus on us for a while because I really
felt like we were just in a really bad
place it was really really hard and I
mean all our friends are gonna say all
over the world now and they're doing
their own thing so I just felt like I
know how to talk to I'm better because
usually I go to you about all my
problems with our problems it's also
there's no how to talk to your vanity
not there not in real life you know yeah
that's the most of my feel like that is
very recent and it's completely like
tables have completely flipped since but
yeah I think we're in a very very good
place right now well we did we took the
time to yeah sort of son's age yeah for
you for sure as well did you feel
supported at that point are you yeah
well when's the last time you won today
in the relationship maybe that's a
reason was it in 30 I did notice on you
that's a problem that's a huge problem
but it was more that I I was I was quite
sad yeah and I didn't want to put you
through that here such a happy person
mm-hmm it was probably good very nice
that's a great that was last time I feel
like I've actually had the last time I
mean I should probably add that I never
ever think about ending it except for
that one time but I was just I mean I
was just so frustrated really fed up
yeah but we've talked about in a lot
sense yeah I think right now we're in a
really really good place yeah I feel
like we should inject some humor into
this conversation because they're
usually really all the time yeah why do
you love me why do I love you because
you're cute you're really really really
cute and you never you net-like no one
else sees outside to you anyone who's
like watching this or whatever will
think that you're really serious and
really driven and blah blah but you're
so cute you're like this little cap
there's something utterly and no-one
else it's like I'm just my own private
gland I don't know what else guess is he
all right these very few people get to
see you you've got amazing this is a
terrible I don't know whether it isn't
go to her about the reason but you've
got sort of good taste and like you can
really know what you like and what you
don't like and you can really spot like
my eyes are it like our lives are just
it's just so nice like you really live
you know how to live well and live
nicely and I really have no idea how to
do that so you just make my life
aesthetically and I don't know
essentially just really good and I think
that's really important so it looks like
the experience of being around you just
very centrally planned I would say I
don't know whether that's that's not
it's not really the bit is that
flamboyant isn't me I don't know I heard
sounds kind of stupid yes you know
there's so many other reasons I love you
but I don't know I have too many of you
you're beautiful
you understand me more than anyone we've
such a good history so many memories
what else you've liked yeah I've really
changed me and I feel maybe because
you've changed me so much that very a
lot of myself is kind of cultivated by
you maybe that's a better way of putting
it yeah they're also really really
considerate and caring and you've you're
so deep like your soul is beautiful
why do I have you
it's your gas and because
I want to hear it good I know you tell
me all the time where you love me you
make me not take life so seriously yeah
you're so loving you taught me how to
love yeah yeah and you just yeah my best
friend hey you're my best friend too
yeah hmm what I got what's the greatest
lesson I taught you this was one of my
this was does your question that was one
of mine one of my secret questions oh oh
wait no it was what I was wrecking the
piss out of me
sexy be true you taught me yeah just I
just said it I think just to not and
take things so seriously yeah and to
treat treat yo'self yeah yeah this work
doesn't have to be everything I think
you still I think I'm doing bottom that
listen yeah I get up the game there any
first you taught me that through you
know saying it all the time but I think
also just being in relationship tell me
that there's more to life than just
doing well and succeeding mm-hmm but I
still think that you think that I mean
there's definitely I think you know that
there's more to life but it's still very
very
priorities mm-hmm ya know what's the
greatest lesson you taught me you
probably know that more than oh yeah but
but also um what else
Bartlett oh yeah no first lesson you
taught me this would be a really good
kisser oh yeah yeah yeah I was like you
learned about the spot I was like yeah
and then what else and you thought me
what does he tell me oh yeah Live Well
blah blah take care of yourself oh yeah
yeah well you thought we actually keep
physically fit because you keep me on my
toes in most respect if I think if I
yeah I think I'd treat myself too much
if you weren't there
like maybe you taught me some discipline
yeah yeah actually yeah that's why I
find it so I thought I was gonna say
maybe that's why I find it easy to work
around you because you're you know are
you driven but I think that's really
difficult to work around you cuz I'm
like I can't keep up I can't keep them
yeah you're like super driven mm-hmm
what was your card here oh yeah good
yeah we can you remember what it was no
no hmm I can remember when the line was
who has more power in the relationship
neither you don't think so no I think it
depends on what day it is
he's feeling particularly if I know
that's what I like it's like em you know
like a relay race yeah exactly one one
person stand the other person who takes
over takes over yeah that's why it works
yeah I was gonna say it's kind of
contextual maybe that we it depends on
what it won't wonder what it is we're
doing like in terms of