okay laughs why not Sarah what do you
remember about the first time that we
met it was at a park in seventh grade
and I wasn't allowed to hang out at the
park so I had to go over to my friends
house and you were wearing a shirt that
said is that a kicking your pants or can
I just tap that ass that was
inappropriate I think I still have that
t-shirt somewhere and all my juice swag
shirts and all that fun stuff
Tony when was the moment you knew you
loved me oh you know it was really funny
our first day I went to go see coach
Carter we were 15 I was 15 you were
still 14 actually and we kissed and we
kind of got a little a little hot and
heavy in the back of the movie theatres
in child L Oregon beautiful and you
accidentally said to me you love me and
then we stopped kissing and I remember
saying it I don't think you heard me
because they were there's a lot of
dialogue going on during that time but I
said I loved you back that said it right
back to you I said I loved you and
that's when I knew I loved you
what is your favorite memory of us and
why is it important to you we were going
out for like five months and you just
made the softball team JV and you came
home and you were you told me how
terrified you were to slide and I
remember it was raining as it always
does in Portland Oregon and I told you
to get on your shittiest clothes that
you could find and I got mine on and we
walked up to the middle school and we
slid we went onto the baseball diamond
and he slid into first base and I
watched you slide in the first base and
then I followed you I remember that day
because I saw you conquer your fears you
weren't scared anymore and we were messy
your dad got mad at us because he didn't
understand why but that's one of my
that's something I always remember when
did you feel the closest to me
when we were going through the whole
labor experience and delivering
Charlotte and I thought I loved you
before and then when she was born
I like watching you older for the first
time that whole experience was the best
experience that's definitely changed our
lives
when do you worry about me and why I I
hope do always worry about you and I'm
I'd tend to be a very carefree person
half the time and you tend to be the
person that is worrying yeah yeah you're
a worrywart and I think what makes me
worry about you the most is when you are
worrying about me
I've done some stuff that you know I
might regret and stuff that's kind of
made you think that we were coming to an
end
as a couple and when it came to that
that always made me worry about you
because I didn't want you to seeing you
go through that killed me sucked
am I the best sex you've ever had well
yes you are the best sex I've had I
guess it's one of the pros to not
everything to compare it to right yeah
you know what I like I know what you
like through over 10 years of being
together what event slash memory has
made you love me even more that was my
question to ask you to tune just let you
know there's a lot of things like I look
back and I feel like in the course of
our relationship there's been so many
little relationships and in that that I
feel like we've we've dated each other
but in that relationship we've dated
multiple versions of ourselves one of my
favorite memories of you and why I love
you so much is at prom when we were
about to go up for homecoming or the
prom court and those guys were drunk and
tried to push me and I remember you
sticking up for me and you're usually
like a really carefree person you're
usually like not someone to get upset so
to have you like kind of defend me and
stick up for me um it was something it
was it was weird so I didn't know that
that was something I would be attracted
to but it like it made me feel important
that you're like defending me ain't
nobody fucking with my boo thing
what are you hesitating to tell me what
do you hesitant to tell me excuse me I
think I'm hesitant to like let you know
like how I truly feel sometimes what
because I'm scared of your reaction not
that but I know what you want and I know
that living down here is something
really important to you so I'm hesitant
to tell you that sometimes I don't want
to be here no that just makes me nervous
because I don't want I know that it's
important to you so I don't want to
discourage you or make you think that I
don't want to be here that I don't want
to be supportive of you
and I like it down here but sometimes
it's hard oh it is discouraging that you
don't tell me it's I'd rather hear from
you know what's bothering you and then
having been buried and then brought up
five years ten years from now and then
it ends up being something else you hate
me
god forbid ten years from now around ten
years now
I just feel like I'm hesitant cause I'm
afraid I'm not gonna be heard I'm always
gonna listen sometimes it's hard
sometimes I'm a very thick skull
so do appreciate the fact that you
followed me down here even though we had
a year without each other that was
definitely hard for you and I thank God
for cell phones do you think that we're
still a good match why or why not like
you said earlier like we have gone
through times where we've been we've had
our ups and downs and we've we've dated
different versions of us throughout the
10 years and there's been points where I
thought we weren't good matches for each
other yeah and I thought most of the
time we have been a great match but
there's been times where it was hard
because it's hard to say but sometimes
he ended up second-guessing us we both
had enough second guessing us because we
weren't I wasn't doing the right thing
where I wasn't where does two separate
people sometimes yeah we went through
like different phases of our lives at
different times no even though we were
still together like I did my partying
math in college and you did your
partying last year that's not funny but
yeah I did I think that's why it's
worked out because we balance each other
sometimes you're the stronger person
it's gonna be done the stronger person
sometimes I hold it together sometimes
you hold it together
how is money a conflict in our
relationship
Oh God because we both spend it on
ridiculous things I I like to spend it
on clothes and materialistic things the
core for our house knickknacks that we
don't need and you like to spend it on
going out to eat or going out and having
drinks or or I think it's silly I'd
rather stay home and just buy clothes I
mean a closet looks really good Oh your
closet does no I don't think I actually
have a closet your shoes it at the
bottom of my closet that's true
I put on boots that I thought were mine
but there ended up being yours I'm like
well these don't fit me yeah pants
sometimes I put pick your pants on I
don't even know they're mine Wow these
booty shorts look really nice let me
know okay um what have you learned about
me since having our child that you
didn't know about me before how much you
can love someone else but me I've seen
you you're very affectionate towards
your grandparents very affectionate
towards your mom and dad but for
something you and I created I can see
you have even more love I would even say
more love that you have for me yeah for
Charlotte I love that I love that I love
yesterday was a bad day for me I had a
really bad bad day and
I came home and I I all I really wanted
this to come home and see you too
and it's hard being down here sometimes
because I thought it was going to be
picture-perfect and unfortunately it's
not I've gone through a lot of stuff
that have been ill choices bad choices
and just it's not worked out in my favor
and coming home and seeing that it
really it keeps me from not losing it
what's the greatest lesson I've taught
you I don't know if you were answering
that question for me you would say a lot
goodness there's so many I can't really
think of anything what to window where
the appropriate clothes sometimes I
don't you've definitely helped me out
with my fashion sense maybe it's a dumb
answer but it's the first thing that's
coming to my head because I can't I
guess you you help me out with that I
would be lost and what I wear thank you
thank you
what is the biggest compromise your
you've made and would change it was it
was it worth it
why or not yeah I was harder yeah what
was the biggest compromise you've made
would you change it was it worth it
why or why not the biggest compromise
I've made is moving down here would you
change no I wouldn't want I think it's
something that and I when I went to
college I went to college at home I
didn't go away to college so it's like I
never really got to experience living
somewhere else and like you said like
I'm very close with my family and we're
very close to our friends and
familiarity and stuff that were
comfortable with but it was nice to get
out of my comfort zone and I think we
learned a lot about each other then more
so than we did in the first eight years
we were together or that we knew each
other not together but I learned more
about you in the last four years we've
been down here because we were able we
had to rely on each other more rather
than then friends and family and people
that were in our lives that we cared
about it was it's just different but I
wouldn't change it I like that we were
able to move down here it's an
experience just not sure if I see myself
living here forever
do you believe in the one like a fool me
and what me what makes you believe I'm
the one so yes I do believe in soulmates
I think we talked about this when we
were 17 archers maybe 16 I don't know
the years kind of we've kind of blurred
in together but uh great years we were
talking about how when we held each
other's hands it fit perfectly when we
kissed each other our lips felt perfect
yeah we've had spats yeah we've had our
little disagreements and whatnot but I I
know you're my soul mate I know I can
see I see other people and I see other
women and like their relationships and
whatnot and men's relationships with
other their significant others and and I
I just I can't see myself with anyone
else any think that's something that we
talked about before to where it's like
throughout the course of our
relationship right when we were about to
break things off or when we did break
things off for a while
like it's weird how little things like
kind of brought us back together like we
broke up and then your grandma died you
know it was like just weird things that
and then we were going through a really
hard time and we had Charlotte you know
yeah and I feel like it brought us back
not not that like a baby solves all your
problems or a catastrophic event like a
death or something solves problems but I
think it brings brought us back to
reality and brought us back to
centralization of our relationship yeah
that's important I think you did too
because there definitely are
helped us out realize what's important
to you and I what's the greatest gift
you've received from battling drugs and
alcohol
the biggest gift I've received I would
say
just a realization knowing that you're
there I have sometimes throwing you down
to the wayside especially surrounding
myself with new friends down here versus
Portland and I realized that that group
my friends or my bad choices no matter
what I do I'm always gonna have someone
there to support me and tell me what I'm
doing wrong you know my family's never
really been around your parents took me
in when I was 15 and just knowing that
you're there telling me pushing me
because sometimes I need help them I'm
imperfect I know that and I'm gonna do
some stupid shit shit and throughout all
that stupid shit you've always been
there that's my biggest gift that I
could ever get because I know you're
always there to give it give them give
me the support I need everything that I
need tell me when I'm fucking up tell me
what I need to do stuff not saying that
you need to tell me that but you know
sometimes you need that yeah you you
need that sometimes cuz I feel lost half
the time I don't know what I'm doing and
I want to provide this life for you and
I and beautiful baby and sometimes I
just don't feel like I am and I just
lose it sometimes
but you're always there to pick me up
and I break my fall I always have you
there yeah sometimes I need to fall too
that's why I'm always gonna be there for
you too
I promise though you get crazy yeah we
don't we don't need crazy I think I have
enough of that for the both of us so let
me choose a cartoon
how has battling your addiction affected
our relationship and I'm gonna change
that a little bit how is battling your
shopping addiction affected our
relationship it's hard sometimes it's I
know I spend money on stupid ridiculous
things aren't important and I think
about it and like these materialistic
things i buy and for some reason it
makes me feel better but then I think
like why because we're not gonna take
them with us when we're gone you know I
I think that having Charlotte has like
made me kind of transition from that I
haven't really no I'm buying her clothes
but no just because it's not important
anymore I realized what is important and
close and tangible things aren't as
important as they used to be serious
when I say this we can open up in
Nordstrom Rack from that closet that you
have it could be a whole cellar no yes
we could I know
oh no that's gonna be my turn again I
want to do two in a row
what would make you leave me if you
brought drugs around Charlotte and put
her in the environment that you used to
put yourself in or put her in any kind
of danger because I can I can handle
stuff but I would never want to put her
through anything no I'm not going to I
know
let it be known um how do you feel about
our second child second child I want to
you know I always make the joke it's the
Mexican in me and we need to start
popping them out as much as possible as
soon as possible we don't need a two
year break let's do it now I mean the
you know the business part of it it's
fine definitely fine no I'm excited I I
know you say we want a boy but I think
we're gonna have another girl again
sorry but no I'm excited
I really am it's next year or two years
from now or three
no two years can't wait that long you
want a big okay what do you think is the
most important lesson at this stage in
life right now my most important lesson
has been Charlotte I want to take care
of her I want to be the father figure
that I never had so it's interesting to
see how I've been reacting towards her
and how I treat her because I'm always
scared one day that scared one day that
I'm not going to be there
and I don't know know why I know I am
but I had this fear that like lingers
like in my my stomach I feel like I
won't be there and I'm scared to see
that because because I don't want to
miss anything I know how much it's
affected me not having my my dad around
or sometimes not even my mom around yeah
and I want to provide something that I
never had what is it that makes you
think you're not gonna be around I don't
know it's that it's that fear it's not
having that growing up so I
automatically think that that's what's
gonna be like for her it sounds stupid I
know it does but it just it's not stupid
I know but it's it terrifies me
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me right now I mean you've never
really struggled with up until like
recently is that you've you've always
felt you've always been really confident
from what I remember and then last like
a few years I feel like your
self-confidence has taken some pretty
big hits and it's not something that
should be taking hits but I think you're
battling with so many things from like
the diss distance from your family and
issues that you've never really wanted
to address with yourself because like
you said you try to like be strong so
because I'm the one that worries with me
being the one that worries you're the
one that tries to keep it together and
act like nothing's a big deal even
though I know it is and so I feel like
you're trying to bet you're trying to
take on so many battles within yourself
and not letting me help you and that's
why I feel like you did turn to drugs
because you didn't know how to deal with
all the things that you were dealing
with and you didn't know how to talk to
me about them I think your your
self-confidence is your biggest battle
right now yeah your self-worth has been
last couple of years it's definitely
change it's been not it's been hard so I
should know was Charlotte here yeah I
want to know I guess I don't one just
provide so
yeah are you worried our child may
battle with addictions like we did fuck
yeah oh let's say addiction is genetic
you know it's just I just passed out and
I deal with it every day yeah no I know
you've deal some stuff every day not as
much as me but I because yours is more
recent so it's just at the same time I
don't want to shelter her but at the
same time I want her to be aware of
what's going on in the world but I don't
want her to go through the same thing I
did what do you think would how can we
like prepare her to not face the same
struggles that we did just let her know
I don't know what I went through I don't
know what my mom my mom went through and
but our parents shared with us their
struggles she's a Fartman baby I think
with something like that I think just
everyday cuz I think the reason why I
turned to it myself was just I didn't of
course I had your love I had your
parents there but at the same time I
felt like I was lacking my real family
yeah and a lot of stuff and I buried
what doing drugs was that that feeling
there like I just kind of swallowed it
and kept it inside and so
I think just being there for knowing
that we love her let her know that we
love her and and also tell her tell her
what could happen
come on I can't read that right what can
I do what can I do to improve our
relationship I think sometimes you you
already think what I am going to say so
you you don't tell me things or you
withhold things for me because you're
like well I knew I knew what you were
going to say or I knew how you're going
to react and I think you're taking that
away from me you're taking I think that
you I'm a grown person you can tell me
things I think that part of it is just
like having a conversation rather than
we find out later or you know I think a
lot of it is just having a conversation
and being able to sit down and talk
openly and honestly with each other
rather than you thinking that you know
what I'm gonna say because you don't
always know what I'm gonna say or how
I'm gonna react you just think you do it
a lot of times it gets us in the
position that we're in when it's
difficult because we choose to not share
things with each other mm-hmm and so I
think that's the biggest thing right now
is that you you think you know how I'm
going to react let's say when you hang
out with the guys and if you were to do
drugs again it's not something that
would make me leave you or something
that I would hate you for you know that
we have Charlotte but it's just
something that I want you to be honest
with me I want you to be I want to be
able to tell me I want you to be able to
tell me and we so we can have a
conversation and move on from it it's
not something that should be dwelled on
but when you find things out other ways
rather than directly from you it makes
it like a harder blow
because I'd rather hear it from you if
like sometimes I am scared sighs I want
you to think that I'm I messed up again
or I did something wrong again and it
just terrifies me to make you think that
it's not that but you're gonna continue
to face whether it be drug addiction or
lying or whatever you're gonna face all
those battles until you deal with the
real issue which is the distance from
your family no you're right
and you always say no I don't care no I
don't care when they treat you the way
that they do but I know it bothers you
and I know you're just trying to have
like a hard exterior because again
you're trying to be strong for me
because I'm the one who's usually
worried about it but it's okay to not be
strong sometimes and it's okay to just
admit that you're vulnerable you know
it's hard for me to do that you know
sometimes I end up being a little
detached from starting people and I want
to be better at that I definitely do
something I am trying to work on but
it's just it's hard it's really hard for
me I know it is but that's one thing
I've always loved about you from the
time we first met and your family was
the way that they were is that no matter
how they treated you you had the biggest
heart
you constantly wanted to do nice things
for these people who rejected you who
are doing awful things to you but you
had such a big heart and we're so
generous and none of that mattered to
you that they were doing that to you you
still wanted to be there for them and
you still wanted to - you have you have
like a very kind heart your end
sometimes sometimes that's a
double-edged sword because sometimes
you're a little too generous with the
wrong people you're generous with people
who wouldn't do the same for you you
like too
not just give tangible things but you
also are you would do anything for the
people that you consider friends but a
question that we've always talked about
would they do it for you
the people that you're doing these
generous nice things for and then you're
opening your heart to whether it be
family or friends would they do it for
you
you're you're you need to like value
your own self-worth because you're
you're important and I feel like you
don't see that and you try to give to
others but no one is going to give it
back to you no one is giving it back to
you yeah I've kind of not been as kind
in the last couple of years I think
lways made you hard I guess so that's
why I've kind of closed myself off to
everyone else saying no I don't care
fuck them
that's why I've closed myself off to my
family I guess I had something I need to
work on I need to get back to where it
was it's hard Sark you're still there
you're still generous kind person and
you always have been you always will be
yeah but it's just like I said bean
dinners to the carrying to the right
people
mmm
do you ever wonder what it would be like
to be with someone else
oh we had never gotten together that's a
pretty deep question yeah well I would
be a liar if I didn't say that
that wasn't true yeah because it's
definitely coming here to LA it's it's
not the norm for someone being we were
23 years old when we got married and we
were together since her 15 we tell
people that and people are like why I
don't get it why why why have you guys
been together for such a long time I
don't I don't understand it and you're
married and do you guys have kids no not
yet well now we do
well now we do but this is like you know
yeah like two years ago and people
didn't understand it
but I have yeah
and it's but it's something that I know
it's not right for me something I don't
want I know that much yeah cuz you are
as important to me as Charlotte is yeah
I need you what about you like you said
like I would I would be lying if I said
no it's it's no it's a natural human
instinct I think to kind of but the
grass is always greener on the other
side you know I know that greener side
who is that name but I'm just saying
like like when for example when we were
in Portland and we've said oh be so
different in LA like at least me so
great and then we're in LA it's like oh
Portland's so great something in a
relationship you look at other people's
relationships whether it be like on
social media or just walking down the
street and there's always new things
that you idolize about other people's
relationships and then there's things
where I think about like what if we
would have never gotten together and how
different like
Highschool would have been how different
college would have been would I be
living in LA no you know what I mean
mm-hmm I think I would have always just
stayed there and that's not good yeah
yeah I think it's normal to attempt to
see yourself in other people and what
it'll be like I still want to know named
who what is the secret you have been
afraid to tell me
okay I never wanted to tell you this but
the reason why Josue doesn't talk to us
anymore is because that night that we
were all out in Santa Monica he told me
that he loved me and I think that it was
something he was he was drunk but I
think that he was embarrassed afterward
and I had told him like hey like we all
say stupid stuff when we're drunk don't
worry about it and he never wrote me
back and I tried to play it off because
I've said some stupid stuff when I'm
drunk to remember that one time when I
was like so I don't know and so I think
that he feels really awkward now and now
too much time has gone by but I've
always been scared to tell you that
because I didn't want you to react that
he really did that's news to me yeah
yeah I was I don't for the next one if
you could wish one thing for me and it
would be what would it be sorry
and why
I could wish I would wish that you could
feel established in your own career and
that you would feel confident in that I
wish that you could find your own
happiness within yourself and within the
people that love and care about you
nothing and something that you've
struggled with but hopefully you can
realize that and overcome it definitely
one wish for you and I think that the
way that you would reach your happiness
is by being successful are you feeling
successful not being so that's what
feeling it yeah
have you ever cheated on me no actually
no that's lie I'm sorry
you've known actually I actually had a a
scene with someone and we ended up
kissing we did talk about it so yes I
have I had something I'm always gonna
regret I'm always gonna that's something
I can take back that's something I would
never would have gone over to her house
never would have read the scene with her
and every would have done anything like
that wasn't it and I know how much it
hurts you don't honestly I'm actually
over it now but at the time it was hard
no I know it's still something that's
not right yeah so I was just kind of
it's hard do you feel that emotional
cheating or physical cheating is worse I
feel like both is worse you can't really
I think once it's hard to mend something
like that once you've done that and it
was so hard to be honest with you about
it because it's something I couldn't
believe I did myself yeah just I think
that was like I'm one of us one of our
hardest times in our relationship yes
during the long distance it was during
the long distance yes about you no no no
I'm like and you know about this - I
like emotionally cheated where I was
like feeling really detached from you
and they started texting very
yeah
how has the baby changed our
relationship in a way you wish it had
not that's something that you don't like
um just the time alone together I think
I mean it's still fairly new and we're
still adjusting and finding a balance
but I think it's the hardest part no
sexy time
not as much sexy time yeah I like having
to like schedule it or get an
appointment that's been the hardest part
for me and not feeling like physically
close to you as often as we used to and
not being physically you know as I was
healing and stuff like that not
physically being able to I think that
was really hard mm-hmm yeah I think
that's the hardest part so far but I
know there's me way bigger challenges to
come still fairly new yeah we can pencil
more things in map times why do you love
me why do I love you
well first of all the reason why I do
love you is because of Charlotte but
before that I could never find anyone or
not that I was looking for them so let
me rephrase that but I never I didn't
know anyone that looked at me in the
same ways you looked at me you looked at
me in a certain way which I I wanted I
really really wanted and it made it I
made it so much more easy to love you
because the way that you used to look at
me it was just something that was a
completed my day it made me feel
maybe feel I could do anything and admit
I made me feel okay I had never had
anyone else look at me like that
never say I love you and mean it
what do you love about me that I don't
see with myself your big heart your
potential um the fact that you're so
generous you have a big heart but
sometimes it gets misconstrued into
being like I said too generous the wrong
people you constantly do nice things for
people that yet sometimes I think you
forget to do nice things for yourself
and do nice things for us and do nice
things for people who love and care
about you it's like and and I think it
all stems back to you constantly seeking
acceptance from like your mom and
they're pushing you away but you
constantly wanted her to love you and I
think that you transition that in being
generous to the wrong people you're
you're constantly wanting to seek
acceptance from these people who aren't
really looking out for the best interest
of you so I think that the biggest thing
that you don't see in yourself is that
you have such a big heart and you're so
generous but you forget that sometimes
and it gets wrapped up in the wrong
things I think that's so fun it was it
was more like deep than I thought
yeah like light-hearted and like fun
question
no not really no I I think everything is
kind of that that was actually one thing
I actually was kind of afraid to be
asked was the my addiction so I never
really thought I was gonna be talking
about that but it's something I'm glad
that we had Sara asked me because I get
to put it out there because there's not
too many time that we have together that
I can be really honest with her and
having that kind of brings us back
together