the Michael David Adams Victoria Bowers
Adams and we've been together for 13
years and married for almost three years
now
what do you think about the first time
we met what do you remember please
forgive me that's horrible Jean we were
meeting for a work of course you know I
saw your beautiful photography online
and I was like I must work with this guy
we were fledgling makeup artists and the
photographer and of course I was not
meeting you
to date you I did not even know how you
look like but it happened at that time I
had this list of the most ideal
boyfriend and you know in that list was
you know has to be an artist
photographer a painter has to have
tattoos or piercings or both and oh it
has to have a shaved bald head it has to
look like Kojak and then I'm like
meaning this photographer and we're in a
coffee shop I think it was borders right
I think yeah so here comes this like
vision oh my god oh my god this is so
hot at the racks yeah behind her back
and he's walking in and then suddenly
there's this like a screeching record
Molly and I saw your jeans and they were
like these 19 tapered jeans and I was
like oh my god I guess we don't have
holes yes and you thought you were so
cool and I was like oh my impressive
flare but then again I had shaved you
know purple head and dog collar around
my neck so who am I to judge
yeah it was epic
okay yeah sure what's your favorite
thing about me my favorite thing about
you there's millions of favorite things
about you favorite thing about you is
your ability to understand to understand
and forgive and to accept people for who
they are and to want them to be the best
that they can be and the amount of love
you put into everything among millions
of others favorite thing saying
everything my you favorite thing about
you what do you love about our
relationship I just love the fact that
we are these two individual souls that
came together for a common purpose but
somehow managed to preserve our
individuality and respect each other's
individuality after so many years and
what I love about us is if every day is
so much stronger and and so much more
meaningful and it's like our love does
not in vain but it becomes stronger
which each day and even each argument or
disagreement and you know we're allowed
to have those you know we're allowed to
be different people and and be free but
yet somehow we're the same organism at
the same time it's it's the most
beautiful synergy that's we have and I'm
so grateful for it
what do you love about working with me I
love that we like you said like we have
the same we're not identical people and
we don't want each other to be the same
person and that is what a really
wonderful thing but we know the things
that you know we want each other to be
better than we were yesterday and we
want our work to be better than the last
thing that we did and we we try hard to
push to push the other person to become
better and and to see what we did and
praise each other for what was good and
but also not be afraid to say let's do
this nicer or do that or let's work
harder on this aspect of him and we
respect each other for that and that's
you know a really strong aspect it's so
funny you and I you know when you look
at like relationships of other people
you know they fight over infidelity or
doubt or whatever and then you and I are
fighting over you don't understand my
vision I'm packing it I wanna live live
worms yeah I think we're live worms yeah
it's a joy it's a joy when do you feel
closest to me when do I feel closest to
you I always feel close to you
the thing is um yeah I I absorb you I
think I think even when I'm away from
you that I mean that's all I talk about
is you hmm my husband this is my husband
dad my husband my husband and everything
that I see and everything that's around
me somehow correlates towards you and
it's a part of you and us and you know
you let me deed vulnerable and you let
me be myself and so I'm always close to
you even when you're far away I'm close
to you good morning doesn't mosey off
mommy nuzzle of course you know there's
nothing more wonderful you always wake
up before me but whenever you hear me
stir in the bed you just drop everything
and you come in and you take the pillow
away and you replace yourself with a
pillow and then we nuzzle and I kiss
your head and you know smell the top of
your head and it's the most beautiful
yes today it's a wonderful way to say
there's nothing more important this dis
life than feeling loved and when your
partner gives you those wings and
there's little morning rituals that we
have I think yes absolutely
what are you hesitant to tell me I don't
know we tried hard that's one thing we
try hard not to do is do not know not
tell each other anything yeah I think I
think that's why our relationship is
strong is because we don't have if
something's oh I always felt like in
order to solve a problem you have to
communicate the problem because other
person you're not a mind-reader
you know you got you can't I think years
ago I was hesitant to open up and
express my love to you know because why
well because of past relationships and
yeah and the whole saying I love you
hurt to say yeah because because of the
hurt from years ago reminds me remember
you'll be hesitant to tell me you love
me or that we even have a relationship
but the first thing you bought for me
it's like oh I don't know is this a
relationship it the second time you came
over
yeah yes it was there was a freeing to
get over that yeah and thankfully you
knew it yeah but you you know just
waited for me to get over that yeah some
you know I had my own right my love I
had my own hesitations and losses right
I think it's probably why you understood
yeah but I think that communication is
the key and a lot of people I think
they're in a relationship and you know
our relationship could have been like
that is if if you don't say how you feel
how do you expect other person to
correct or to explain themselves and
sometimes that creates even more bigger
problem that actually is yeah yeah naman
said you go for that issue yeah and it
could be something easily solved by just
saying the word
okay is there is anything what at the
same question anything that you hesitant
about now that you want to share if you
could change one thing in our
relationship what would you what what
would it be and why
I don't have a lot more jobs would be
working a lot more together that's yeah
as much as we do work together I would
be I would amp that up so there's a lot
more in a lot in different parts of the
world than just traveling and working
together constantly that'd be awesome
yeah I think it'll happen yeah we're
working toward that our relationships
our relationship to us it's like I think
even the mistakes that had wouldn't
change them because that's that's what
made us who we are right
I mean what mistakes you don't really
yeah I mean they're not we had arguments
in the past but our arguments were all
based on a chess game of fighting for
your own position and the relationship
and and we respected the other person
for wanting that position as long as you
allowed me to have this position and
it's been a back-and-forth of very
mature responsible negotiations and I
think even I mean you know I always
loved that about you that ability to you
know compromise and really listen you
know lots of times in I know lots of my
friends I have partners that it's like
talking to a wall you know they just
don't understand or want to change and
then understand like if something bad
there's another person that maybe you
should change it but that is a this
amazing ability that you have is to
really listen and compromise and I think
we both well yes you do but you you
definitely you know took a lead when it
comes to that you know you picked your
battles because you know I'm a little
bit more fiery
and but you knew when to just let it
roll over and I I wouldn't change
anything not even not one single
argument because I think it led us to
where we are today
you know it's learning process it's you
know yeah we don't have this by accident
no yeah it's a lots of work this kind of
relationships you've been working 13
years yes exactly and thirteen more yeah
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now I
you know even if I perceived something
as a disappointment that I understood it
you know and I maybe was not even you
but it was the way I was viewing a
situation for know for example um things
that I've changed and you know in
discussions we've had you know how I
used to have a bit of bitterness in me
oh yeah you know the anger and
resentment towards other people you know
about you know where they were and life
compared to where I am and that's
awesome yeah but it but you see you
didn't necessarily disappoint me if
anything you made was deciding it was a
pointing because you know like you can't
and you know this you know you can't
concentrate and compare yourself to
other people because you have to be busy
building your own life and your own
success and your little place of heaven
I know something that you helped me too
yeah but but they see that's where your
that's where I'm you made me proud is
the fact that you have this ability to
change and to actually look within
yourself because a lot of people they
walk alter their life being bitter and
resent
and stuff and you know this is kind of
like to quote Dexter it's a Dark
Passenger you know when you become when
you go into those darks it's very easy
for me I was raised with the very
confident mother so she instilled the
confidence in me but with you you really
had to work at it and yes when you slip
and become bitter I am disappointed but
I'm there for you to pick you up and
kind of slap you around a little bit and
say wait now practice it's an all yeah
it's not other people it's me it's just
what see me yeah I think the lots of
artists have that I mean I I compare
myself to but it doesn't last as long or
is it deep right as it does with you but
and I think you know that's pretty much
it's gone it's been a while you know but
it it is something that I'm very proud
of and it's it's a huge achievement you
know just being having that ability to
work on yourself
is an amazing ability and that's
rewarding yes it's very morning you know
so I can I think my disappointments with
you or I'm assuming vice versa would be
very momentarily and I think we would
try to look for a solution that's part
of the base of what relationship do is
helping each other to become better at
people yeah yeah it's like building
blocks right so there's nothing
lingering around that's boiling you know
no our glass is half-full
who has more power in the relationship
you or me that goes that's a big debate
I think we share we share power yeah we
let the other person have power when
it's when we see that this is something
that person really wants you want to
have the power now you get in the power
now and vice versa you want power on
this I'll let you have power in that and
we that's the other thing that we've
part of what we've worked at allowing
each other to have to and through the
realizing that if I want if I want this
person to let me have power I need to
let them have power at times - yes
through communication and you know and
creatively through a lot of heated
alright everybody
arguments there's you know early on it
was a lot of a learning process of of
that thing when to let the other person
have control or or handle how to even
let someone else have control without
feeling that you've or that that you've
totally laid down yeah I don't have a
say you still have a say even though you
may not be the one running and running
the show you know and I'm completely
comfortable with you taking the wheel
sometimes completely you know what I
mean because I trust you and that's
something as you know I have a history
of just running away but the thing is
that you are the first person that ever
allowed me to completely let go of my
control because all my life I've been
independent and you know never depended
on anyone right and I wanted to be
independent yeah but and I am I am still
but I also feel like independent
together yeah but I feel like I can
finally let go of off of control and
know that I'm safe
that some somebody else has my face or
my heart in their hands and they mean
the best for me right first terms so for
mine or his am I the best sex you've
ever had yes absolutely
I'm not that I had a lot of it but I
definitely because to me sex and love
are the same thing I admire people who
can just have casual encounters and not
be emotionally entangled but I'm not one
of those people and I'm fine with that
and I think our sex is gentle and crazy
and adventurous when it needs to be but
also I think we never stop being
connected with each other
we're intimate 24 hours a day yeah and
and you know and it's also people think
that intimacy is only you know
intercourse or whatever but it's when
you slap me on my butt or squeeze my
boob or you kissed me when you pass by
or rub my back while I'm cooking or me
you know that's the same thing it's the
same thing I think I think we have sex
24/7 yeah when you tell me a little
dirty think in my ear while I'm you know
somewhere in public whatever and make me
blush
wait anyone's having sex every day you
know it's it's not just being in a bed
and doing it missionary style anyhoo sex
mix
yeah are we too close are we too close
you know we we're not close enough where
they were like we're always around each
other like it when I years ago I told my
friend I was visiting in Pennsylvania
and how we spend every every minute
together every waking moment if we work
together and you know and we wake up
together go to sleep together and do
this you know he's like I want to I'm
sorry to hear that
like well I'm not you know I enjoy it
and you enjoy it
yeah and just being with you and doing
everything with you is just incredible
and it's home you know and to be home no
matter where you are is comforting and
exciting and like 13 years and I still
love telling you stuff and showing you
this showing you that yes it's never
enough see you're the only person
because you know I'm a loner no matter
how in some sense I am extroverted when
we're you know outside and interacting
with people and I love people but you
know that I need time to be just
completely by myself and you know pain
to not communicate with people but for
some reason even when you are you can be
with me 24/7 but I never feel crowded
you never make me feel suffocated which
is something that I had problems with
within other relationships is that I
felt like my personal freedom like I'm
totally not one of those cleaning women
you know you do not have to pay
attention to me 24/7 to actually leave
me alone and you know
sometimes you were kind of like two
chirpy and I'm like okay now walk away
just pretend I'm not here but I think
you just you just let me be and you
being next to me is it's like air it's
something that I need to just you know
smolder like you know the fire needs air
and and I'm so grateful for it
no I we can never we're just fusing
together yeah for the years it's
beautiful
we're gonna get like their three legged
pants yes but at the same time I think
it's important to mention that we do
still feel like we're individuals oh you
did that whole and we enjoy time apart
yeah time apart it's great you know we
travel and work yeah separately hey how
did your friends you know right
remember how you would you were try to I
would be like please go I have a guys
night out then you will call me pooch
are you coming and I'm like rich part of
ninety-two guys night out if you don't
understand remember yeah you know I
think it's important to also have in a
relationship it's important to have your
own interest and you're your own friend
like a set of friends like a guy you can
go and have a beer with and you know
it's important to be your own individual
as well and not you know I can call you
and say hey you know I'm gonna go and
have a drink with my friend and you'll
be like okay have fun say hello whatever
you know
[Music]
whose turn is it did you maybe too much
I think it's like if I wasn't creative
or artistic would you still be with me
that's hard to answer but
because that's the motto
it's a backbone of our relationship but
probably I mean because I mean we work
with other people so we don't know we're
not we work with other people in our
relationship isn't always working
together it's just being together but
you see it's artistic is who we are
besides our work I don't think we would
be attracted to each other I do I think
so you think so I think so because who
we are is still separate from artwork
and our creativity yeah you know who we
are as people you know so I think so I
don't know you want accountant a
creative accountant right you would know
how to shuffle numbers artistically yes
how do we maybe met maybe not yeah I
mean I think I think us as an artist
it's a cool core who we are I think it
it is it's one of the threads that keeps
us together yes it's a thing that in
common yeah but I think we would still
be physically attracted to each other
and maybe find another common ground but
yes what would you change about my work
I think that would be a question for
past more and I think that's something
that you already solved what I would
change about your work is something that
you already changed its you stopped
trying to conform and make art that you
think other people would make happy
because every time you know you were
like okay I'm going to
some clean beauty so I can get some jobs
and blah blah blah blah it never worked
you know and I would always say to you
you need to believe in that photograph
you need to that photograph needs to
like exude your soul it has to exude
your passion and that's every time you
ever did something that was purely you
was always the thing bestest that got
you the best response even if it scared
you even stuck with it and that's like
that pastels story you know you said
you're gonna color the girl's hair pink
you know
oh no horrible this and that and
actually that's what made it special but
the fact that you stuck to your guns and
you you had your instincts it's what it
is something that I told you to change
and you knew that you had to change too
you know and the most creative with the
craziest stuff that you believed in are
the ones that got your jobs and got your
awards and all of that stuff
the last time you compromised for me how
did you feel about it anytime I
compromised for you it feels good
because because we're such a team and
that's what made us a team is
compromising and so killing me sorry is
it you oh that's our accountant yeah
yeah yeah I should we start over yeah I
mean so do you want to just cut it yeah
so the last time the last time you
compromise for me how did you feel about
it so you were saying it feels good
because that's what made our
relationship strong in the first place
so when I compromise or when you
compromise it feels that it's one more
act of strengthening our relationship
and learning throughout the years
learning the power of compromise was you
know really oh you know wonderful thing
for me personally because it helped it
helped elsewhere in life you know it
helped elsewhere in life to compromise
and the fact that we we stuck together
and compromised with each other was
eye-opening in a sense for me to see how
that worked and see how it worked
successfully yeah and you helped me to
understand what compromise really is and
you showed me first with the compromise
and then it took me a minute oh that's
how compromise works and that's what you
do you know it's for the other person
but for you as well and if the other
person doesn't see
reciprocate then that's when you run
into a problem but you had you know
don't wait for the reciprocation
anticipate it but you notice notice
through time if it comes back to you
yeah that's when you get that back and
forth yeah it's a conversation right
it's of actions actions yes and it's
also goes back to letting go you have to
control right you know and I think it's
it's I think it's a core of our
relationship right it's compromised a
little I've seen so many relationships
fail over the years yeah and they failed
to compromise or honest and even fail to
compromise but you had to like I did
initially understand what compromise
means yeah and that's you know something
that I think I've learned for my mom and
yeah you know just going through life
and losing things so many times so many
often you had to compromise in order to
survive and communicate again it all
goes back to communication you can't
expect people to be mind reader's you
know you have to tell them how I feel
you know really resolves a lots of
things yeah
yeah when was the last time you felt
suffocated in relay in this relationship
and why I think I was suffocated on the
beginning of our relationship but that
had nothing to do now looking back you
know I just lost somebody I loved and
you know went through a death and
complete breakdown of my life and
suddenly I have this new relationship
that makes me fearful and I didn't know
who I was so I think the demon is inside
of me and I've always been inside of me
when it comes to feeling suffocated as
you know from my past experiences
whenever I felt like my personal freedom
and independence is being compromised or
I'm getting in too deep I would
literally pack the bags and move to
another city and I did it to you too I
packed the bags and moved to New York
from Atlanta but the difference was that
you followed and honestly I have not
felt connected to you the way I should
not until you moved to New York with me
and when we started really truly living
together and when you showed me that you
are this incredible person that can
compromise that can communicate and that
you are able to still let me be Who I am
which was a big big part of who I am you
know is having that freedom to just have
my own opinions and my thoughts and my
schedule and my solitude and suddenly I
was like wait a second this guy is like
not choking me with constant need for
attention you just expect
yeah because that's what I'm used to by
Nature yeah it's my nature you know and
and you kind of silently showed me that
I can trust you and little by little you
tame the Beast you know and I commend
you for that immensely you're just such
an incredible person you're like you
know I think I always thought of myself
as water
you know I'm fluid and I but I take
shape of the container that I'm in and I
feel like you and I are that bottle and
that water that kind of pours into one
another and we change sometimes you are
the water and sometimes I'm the
container and vice versa and and somehow
we keep that essence of ourselves but
but take the shape of whatever container
we're being poured in and I think that's
what our relationship is and it's
beautiful it's like thank you for that
journey no thank you no thank you and
that's good I think that definitely
keeps us moving forward
