what do you remember from the first time
we met
I remember that you mean it caught my
attention from the very for a second
that I saw you by being very present and
very opinionated about something and
passionately as well you stood out of
the crowd that's for sure
that's painful painful sorry yeah when
do you feel closest to me
I feel close to you and we're doing the
little things and I think today was such
a moment when I was watching you cook
they were telling us a story somewhere
and that I was engaged like fully
engaged with everything in my body about
you and sometimes when we just have a
great talk walk or what whatever time we
told we oh yeah I think and when we are
passionate about some subject and then
we can get really into the you also
think that oh cool and then for the
thing the key moment in the kitchen and
then the ultimate is when when we hug
why do you think we connected so fast
honestly I have no clue dick it was the
universe that was helping us it was
something that was unavoidable
was it meant to it I think so definitely
like we said you know we could have met
like a few months before then when we
were going through the same event but
they you didn't go at the end then I
still saw you two months later yeah when
you found that out it's like the magnets
what are you hesitant to tell me nothing
say that seriously nothing I think
within the first days I was back from
Portugal I took it to the park and I
think or at least as far as I know
anything or everything and anything that
I could think of that was was at that
point on my chest or could be on my
chest in whatever time to come built my
guts and that was it yeah there's no
hesitation there no no none either for
me I think I was one of the most
beautiful things about our relationship
it's feeling you can share everything
you say everything yeah yeah yeah like
seriously everything
besides me who do or did you love the
most
I have no I think the relationship that
I've had before this world different I
wouldn't say that was one it would be
the most I think he would if I would
have to say a name it would be generous
it does because it recent I was intense
and it had this weird ending which
lasted that I didn't really or
eventually but at that time had it
difficult ending it myself
there it's interesting that you only
think of off girlfriends yeah also say
like a family member isn't the first
thing that I came to mind honestly would
have been would have been Megan that was
the first thing but that was because
that is such a the feeling that I have
with her is indescribable I think I
think that would also be something that
I would be hesitant to talk to you about
the feeling from me to Megan yeah I
think that would be the one thing now
coming to it
because although I knew straight away
that wasn't mine she said she wasn't
mine
it was such a profound experience like
life-changing so profoundly that
I mean I can't go back on that mMmmm and
I think I somehow have to deal with that
feeling because the last thing I want is
that feeling to stand in the way of
anything anything else like seriously
there are there are days and they're
throwing did I think it wouldn't I
really believe it was meant to be that
it happened but meeting you has made me
somehow change their perspective
sometimes I would like that it wasn't
happen it wouldn't have happened because
then I wouldn't have to be sitting in
this situation looking to you about this
and I think that is something that could
in the middle of anything if I let it so
I have to actively not let that happen
and the second one that was my mom but
then I figured it would be just making
difficult for yourself
try not to be what makes me different
than your other partners everything
we connect on so many levels that I've
never experienced that before with
anyone and we said I think even this
week that we don't even want to count
all the levels that we connect on so I'm
not even going to start but you know the
feeling yeah so completely different
than all the other relationships I've
had in the past it's for anything in
particular
it's a feeling I cannot describe I think
that makes it special of course you can
say you know you're in love you connect
emotionally physically mentally you know
but it's something else it's something
that's an extra layer there that would
be precise even my same answer to that
question of course
[Laughter]
do you really think we'll last yeah why
because I've never had the urge Johnson
requesting that possible I saw that yeah
every single thing in my body says we're
gonna last and we will I'm like yeah
yeah yeah
everything just yes and why I died
Frankie I don't even I didn't care
it's just a yes full of yeah I know I
know that's have to ask you this
question because I know you're gonna and
this is same way
absolutely
what's the question you've always wanted
to ask me thanks mom the next question
that's coming up yeah exactly I really
want to that question okay I feel like
I've asked you so many questions these
last couple of weeks and yeah you know
like like we said there is nothing we
cannot say so it would have to be
something that pops into my mind when we
probably talk about anything you know so
there's nothing really that there's not
a question in my head that's been
bugging me I think that's really good
cuz sometimes it can drive you crazy if
you have that and you wait time to ask a
question to someone find the right
moment there's nobody like nobody so you
just Austin straight away so yeah it
gives me really peaceful mind to be able
to not save them up for a later moment
so no question know what maybe the next
one your your third music what do you
think you would have to do for me to
leave you what tell you what do you
think you would have to do for me to
leave you cheating here I think
I have no idea I think that yeah I but
that would be like it no it's just it
would it's like the instant answer you
give to a question like what do you need
to break up it's more about breaking
trust rather than mean yeah but that
would be that is the part one brother
breaks yes but also being maybe another
trusting like what yeah so that's yeah
breaker truth or yeah so being dishonest
in any way exactly
and that would be precisely the same
yeah and completely Jay wouldn't have to
be cheating or anything it would be
anyway just lying or dishonesty or just
me there would be yeah that would be it
that would be the final end as well
I wouldn't write that would definitely
be a deal-breaker for me yeah yeah cool
sitting there doing it
what is it about our dynamic that
terrifies you I wouldn't necessarily
call it terrifying what would you call
it
no start with it overwhelming maybe okay
but I'm not scared of anything these are
nothing that that frightens the hell out
of you but I don't even know
seriously nothing no maybe maybe like we
said it could be too much and then we
have to find the right balance because
for such intense presence and we have
such busy lives and you know bringing
those together that soon gets extra
dynamics what I'm definitely scared of
it or frightened just need to find a way
to balance it all that ya know just have
crazy life now huh why do you love me
why not
what's he a better question
you guys can make a film about this
question all longish on why do I love
you I love you because your your
imperfectly perfect there's like so many
things that are so beautiful about you
you're personally the way you talk and
walk shine you shine you make my world
shine
I am completely blown away by my own
mind right now
and what does I think you're imperfectly
perfect because you have all these
awesome things and then at the end of
the day we can still be quirky buddies
and do the whole weird geeky nerdy stuff
and laugh our asses off and and
basically everything we would be perfect
about in the beginning of the day or you
are perfect and yeah and in the whole
day we then have this little like dots
of imperfect in the song that makes it
so real and that comes down through I
think the main word that I value most in
any one and you are the most fun person
that I've ever encountered with that and
that is your purity because you're also
so pure inside beautiful okay sweet
understanding talkative
it's like clever smart you're smart and
beautiful
you're pure smart and beautiful that's
it thank you I'm gonna return that favor
you love me all the above you just make
me feel like a better version of myself
and I can excel and shine you really
bring out the best in me
it's difficult to fit in works I think I
realize we haven't even said I love you
yet
we hope no not like this
but yeah I love you
all right good
that had to happen you were planning
this I was at least coming yeah okay I
was planning it pays it is your turn
who's counting anyway yeah what do you
owe my er sorry
what do you admire my I am just it's
okay take your time
yeah will what do you admire most about
me
so many things I admire how you interact
with people you're really really pure
and open to anyone you meet and I think
you yeah you make to feel at ease I put
some money not love you know when they
meet you
they're awesome so I think I admire your
your skill to interact with people and
great uh that's right around you people
that you love that's right that you want
to work with
and hang out with
cool thank you yeah thank you
I'll spend this question I'm gonna think
about what I'm buying about you the nice
I'm through my questions yeah yeah okay
let me yeah let me ask you the question
it free and what do I admire about you
the most
there is seriously a whole lot of things
for anything I might or not I think the
best what I admire about you the most is
it is gonna sound mess with cheese but I
think it's the way you interact with the
world and not just the people I
instantly had to think of how you
interact with people but I think more of
it myself and that really lifts me up is
how you interact with everything around
you not just the people but the
situation of the events that sort of
surpass your life I mean everything even
a year yeah I think I think the best day
to say that is how you interact with
everything around you the people and the
best example it besides people will be
your food your food yeah oh yeah yeah
that's the way you put in so much effort
love into whatever you do and I think
the energy is unsurpassed yeah I think
that that energy and vibe that open
energy vibe that purity is is something
that I deeply admire you for thank you
yeah to see if I have a little more
question