yeah but dang it what was that word you
said that it was uh I was trying to be
what what's that word that you use it I
find it a little insulting you know what
I remember I remember being oddly not
nervous about meeting a girl you know
for the first time I remember everything
you were wearing you had that uh like a
hat on and you had a scarf you were like
all wrapped up you had like a it was
cold and you had those or did those long
fingerless gloves and I remember sat in
the corner where they totally gutted
that place yeah we no longer have our
seat and I'm like I think we never
struggled for anything to say what a
great time and obviously I thought you
were into me more than I find out years
later I thought we were having a love
connection that wasn't just uh what
would you say a networking thing it was
a meeting it was a meeting first dates
our meetings are the mines what do you
love about our relationship not like but
love just say that for you just love
yeah okay well you're like a better
relationship what you love about a
relationship not like my love I love
that we could fight like psychotic
people look at where you're breaking
your jamming your finger on me and I
want to like tell you who I never want
to see you again
and be say whatever I want get as crazy
as I want and then I think less than or
does it take us maybe used to take us 72
hours to reflect now we're down to what
16 yeah it's not it's not even a day
sometimes it's not even that long we do
a lot of reflection and a lot of I think
picking our battles
you know like is it really that
important to get that wild I love that
we bounced off each other like there's
something silly like the other day about
you having a business meeting you know
for food and nutrition and I'm like
looking at different facilities for Mom
and I'm like oh my god they're on
Pinterest they are you know their food
is being profiled on Pinterest like and
I say it to you and you love it and I
don't know we always like looking at
different things to do or you show me
places out in suburbia and then I show
you places in the city mm-hmm you know
and it's never boring ever so what you
think we're compatible
yeah we're compatible I don't think
everybody could tolerate us crazy when
do you feel when do you feel the closest
to me I always feel close to you even
when we're not together like even when
you're away on business or I guess I
feel the closest to you when we're in
your house and both cats are there
because you know traveling with Miko you
know and just sometimes not even talking
it's like being on the sectional you
know pajamas you know like sometimes
falling asleep during a movie on TV or
something no no it's it's always there
even when we argue I feel close really I
don't
yeah I don't feel that distance hmm yeah
oh I should ask you this
when do you feel closest to me I find
that I was thought that was very
interesting that you said even when
we're fighting you feel close to me
because I get afraid that when we fight
that there will be distance but you'll
feel more distant from me when I think I
do feel closer to you every time we
fight I would say my favourite point of
of being close to you is you know when
we're just being us I'm laying on the
beach you know you know we get up in the
morning and we have our quote we have
our coffee we have to have a coffee and
everything about the morning and our
coffee is my closest to you now the I
coffee machine oh did I just plug that
up take a moment
do we have enough sex I'm gonna think 10
seconds and probably pass on this one
all right yeah that's one night coconut
am I the best sex you've ever had again
I'm gonna pass on this one you're
passing on all the good ones oh oh yeah
that's right oh so go back yeah yeah
yeah then I gotta ask ya are we go don't
have honey all right oh boy we have
enough sex
I will pass because I know how that
makes you feel thank you do you have a
do we have enough sex it's same we
talked about it let's follow the games
that was you we're talking about it even
before the entire oh honey I know relax
let's just follow the rules of the game
I don't have that asked us to know the
answer
am I the best section yes Oh your answer
but you want to put that card there I'll
say yes mom I won't get into details
okay calm down look at you all happy go
ahead
am I the best sex you've ever had oh you
don't even have to ask that you know
that I can you know that
all right you go what are you hesitant
to tell me hmm
well
well you tell me something recently well
you think yeah um you know I think you
know I'm hesitant to tell you that
there's things in my transition that are
very scary to me
and that there may be how I feel about
my transition today might not be the way
I feel about tomorrow and I'm hesitant
to tell you when I'm scared and
sometimes it might be scared to tell you
something
what do you have something to tell me
I pretty much tell you everything you
know whether we agree we disagree we
argue about it you know I really don't
let them sit inside of me and eat away
at me I have to get it out and just deal
with the reaction so I feel safe talking
to you about anything
I wonder if hesitant falls into the same
category of you know what you're afraid
of or what you'll hold back you know I'm
saying has it in as a if that's asked in
different ways one might be different
conversation or you think who cooks it I
pick this one yeah good first I picked
you pick now I think this mmm Oh tell me
about the time I disappointed you
and how did you feel about it now and
how do you feel about it now
I can't really say that you truly have
ever disappointed me to the point that I
was like devastated you know I think
I've asked you not to say certain things
and when you say them I feel a little
disappointed but I tell you it's not
like I'm gone
oh he said that again you know like you
know like when we argue sometimes you'll
allude to bailing instead of just
reacting just go through this and know
we're gonna get past it together you
know and so I guess that's really the
only thing but it's not really a
disappointment
you know it's human it's to say it
that's me tell me about the time I
disappointed you and how you feel about
it now
you know there's been times when I
thought that you were disappointing me
but then when I answer the part about
how I feel about it now I realize it's
kind of like you didn't disappoint me I
disappoint myself because I have this
way of how it should be or something
that I'm taken from another relationship
of putting on you so I've just I would
have to say I don't I don't think you've
disappointed me I think I've made myself
think that you've disappointed me that
make sense
you ready for the next clock mm-hmm mine
or yours I think you know where do you
think I may fail you
you want to skip it no you're getting
emotional
with the things that the things that we
would you know we know we have to work
on together to make well the the
promises that we've made to each other
that have to beat that have to fix for
us to we you know I don't want to say
stay together you know the the yeah the
that the ones there are certain things
that we keep talking about I don't want
to keep talking about it you know I mean
I'm cool with that we've been talking
about it and there's no you know or
where I want to see it be so far I don't
want to be here a year from now and
that's still what you said to me would
be different there's not different where
do you think I may fail you because I
think I'm less kidding cuz I think I
know the answer where do you think I may
fail you Kat well we've had recent
conversations heated conversations about
things and sometimes we're on different
pages or different levels or being
patient being impatient with different
things you know like I think we both
have fear about being in limbo with
different things and and if thing was
all gonna be the way they are and just
stay that way then I think we need to be
ok with that
what do you mean about my transition
about your transition so what what do
you think where do you think what word I
want to hear where do you think I'm
gonna fail you I want to hear I don't
think you're gonna fail me I think I I
have expectations according to my past
relationships like you said that
recently about your past relationships
when I say like old tapes or something
just the way things played out the way
people transition the way
do things you know and so I have fear
that sometimes it's not gonna happen or
I'm gonna get impatient but even if it
doesn't happen I still want to be with
you and you should know that you know
whatever reasons you have you know that
failure is no option for me anyway so
how do I take you for granted I mean
yeah you're asking me had make me go ask
him how do you take me for granted I
don't feel like you take me for granted
no always there and I don't think you
take me for granted so what do you think
like you know why what is taking
somebody for granted and relationship
expectations like um if somebody doesn't
do something and they normally doing
something the other person's I go you
didn't do this or you let me down you
usually do this now why aren't you doing
this now or mind-reading you know you
should have known this I expected you
you know if you really knew me you would
have known that we don't do that with
each other okay that's me how do I feel
I take you for granted
I think it's all the stuff that I that I
do because I love you
and then I put on you crannis what
should we just which I just it's a
couple days ago but sometimes you'll say
that I do and I do and I do and I'll say
stop with the martyr thing yeah and then
it starts an argument I was like if you
don't want to do it just say it
yeah just say it I do want to do it but
I think I you know what this is like
this is like what I hear my parents and
I mean this is what I hear since I was a
kid my mother the one thing where I saw
my grandmother's do I don't know about
you your grandparents I saw my mother do
stuff for my father or for us and then
feel she was being taken for granted but
I never saw that when my grandmother's
what my grandfathers and us you mean my
mother does that to to the grandkids you
know I'm saying do it don't like you
know I'm bitch about it
mm-hm did I guess that first what would
you do if I cheated on you like never
mess with a nurse I know what you're
allergic to
no I would just leave you know because I
I get the way I am the person that I'm
with is mine and if somebody else has
been there I get turned off I get
disgusted and I would just shut down and
so I mean eventually in time we could be
somewhat friendly you know I've always
loved in the past this ever happened
before in the past I was cheating on
once in the past and I left Laurie
that's right away well I had a fire in
apartment but it was within a month of
her cheating yeah that's me
what would you do if I cheated on you I
agree
everything would die you know when
somebody was like touching her hair you
know you were touching them in ways you
touch me or don't but would you go you'd
be dead to me you'd be dead to me I
might be gone what is missing from our
relationship
I think I you think I'm going to answer
this one particular way that you would
like me to take a pass what again no no
really I could really answer it but you
know you can't said oh yes I will be
sensitive I would like us to be a little
bit more intimate but I wanted to say
that the intimacy or the frequency of
the of the intimacy is what I feel is
missing from our relationship I think
it's the talking about it and working
through it together is what's missing
from our relationship like so soon what
is missing from our relationship you
know I guess I have it in my head that
if you don't me talk about like what you
think babe okay I have no so past
questions if I was on that show so I
know I know you don't like me saying the
word closeted so I'm not gonna use that
word okay word you know I've always been
out whether I was identifying as lesbian
now identify as queer because I date
trans guys and I've always told people
who I'm with and who I am regardless of
their reactions and my family has always
been very accepting exceptionally
accepting except of course when I was
young yeah my father told you about one
but I wish like in a perfect world that
you had what I had and we had it
together like you had it in your life
the way I have it in my life
and at this point I'm not saying it's
never gonna happen you don't have it in
your life and that kind of makes me sad
because like I said to you it sometimes
I feel like I don't exist you really
want to have you're missing having a
relationship with my family absolutely
ah not in lieu of things that have
happened
I hope reality I don't know I don't want
to go back for more because that's a
sign of insanity okay so what then then
that's not missing in our relationship
well if it was if it started out like a
perfect little TV ABC after-school
special not exactly but like the way my
family is you know like it would be nice
I mean it would be nice but it's not
that would be like saying if I came to
the table already transgender Top
surgery my license and everything else
right but this is your this is your
journey but Uncle few what so what is
missing from our relationship
I get that whole thing I'm unclear so
what does missing missing from our
relationship it's not exactly us me and
you its extraneous stuff it's it's
family on your side and knowing people
in your job on you aside
okay so then nothing is missing from our
relationship from our relationship I
think that we do pretty good I really do
okay so pretty good is something missing
from our relationship for you I would
say no you should are you saying no
because I'm drawing you back to that
you're reeling man nothing's missing
from our relationship I don't feel I
feel happy do you feel comfortable that
if something becomes missing from our
relationship you're gonna tell me of
course I will
okay cuz you know me I'm gonna be
what you said Oh what do you think the
next step in our relationship
well what do you think is the next step
in our relationship okay
I know okay the next step I mean there's
a couple of steps all right yeah we have
to take you know I'm not a fan of living
together after what I've been through in
the past and I think you understand that
but it's not completely out of the
picture you know I would like us to be
you know husband and wife as we talked
about as male and female you know non
same gender don't want to do that you
know I've never been married and never
been a domestic partnership with anybody
I don't want to be a domestic
partnership because to me that's a
business arrangement so I mean I'd like
to see the big picture I'd like to you
know not have you know a huge expensive
ceremony but you know just have that
because I really feel that you're
perfect for me all in all everything
that we talked about and argue about
you're perfect for me and I think when
we're together like we're so stimulated
like mentally like physically you know
you're very attentive to me you notice
things I've been with a lot of guys that
don't notice things oh it's a different
color nail polish oh yeah
you know and to me I'm like wow like
that never ceases to amaze me like he's
really looking at me I love you
everything about you so the next step is
marriage well not the next next step I
mean I think you know we have talked
about it till not like blowing it out of
the water by saying that well then the
next step of our relationship is it
stays just as it is independent living
monogamy
mm-hmm and the next step is marriage but
no not like tomorrow six months from
that as it the next step is marriage as
it evolves all right last me why do you
think the next step in what is the next
step in our relationship
the final goal is absolutely marriage
husband and wife I'm the male you're the
girl
but I wanna the next step is I want to
take that little you know promise ring
which I don't like the word promise ring
I want to take I want to be officially
engaged as the next step but until I
take that next step with you I have a
lot of stuff I have to do before I come
to you and take that next step a lot of
shit I go to you know all right you pick
cuz I think I'm always picking this is
like what are you scared to tell me the
other one was what are you hesitant to
tell me hmm
well that's good yeah so two different
things that's what I had said we're
talking about that one so what is it
scared I'm not scared to tell you
anything
okay really not well but I'm supposed to
wait a minute oh okay I'm answering I'm
asking you answering my own questions
okay what are you scared to tell me well
I think we talked about it about being
has I think I had said something I think
I had alluded to being hesitant and
scared and I think just hearing that
even if I fail what things or promises
or how we want to what we're saying it
would be the word fail well that's I'm
just finding out that you would even if
I failed you wouldn't leave me but it's
not the word failed what is it it's
about you know people being on different
levels and being fluid and you know I'm
not saying you're that term genderqueer
like I don't see that I don't get that
from you that's not the energy you have
you know so then nothing I do well was
ever in a role in this relationship wall
of I'm cheating exactly all right then I
guess if that's
you know talking through some of these
things I really didn't you know I didn't
really get that perspective that really
made me when you said you would never
leave me even if I failed I never used
the word fail I did oh yeah if you do if
you say the promise to a woman you're
gonna do something you don't do it
that's family oh you could you could be
change your mind I mean you could say
like then you could change your mind and
say you know well you're not perfect for
me okay but I just told you that's not
I'm not looking for perfection what did
I tell you normal and perfection do not
exist right you have a thing you said I
was perfect for you well everything you
know it just works all right I think I
answered
thank you very much mmm in the back of
your mind are you scared that I'll walk
away and think about that before you
answer
[Music]
I think that when you would first say
I'm out of here I'm removing myself I'm
taking myself out of the equation you've
said that and those are the things that
you promise not to say sometimes I do
seep through I don't think it's gonna
happen I think you would walk away if I
cheated on you for sure mm-hmm I don't
see that I don't feel that happening I
would have a conversation with you if I
ever felt that way and remove myself you
know but I don't really see anybody
holding my attention on all different
aspects and planes that you do so in the
back your mind when you're like I don't
know home and you're like laying in a
bed or put your makeup on in the back of
that mind it doesn't say you don't say
like Jake no that's me in the back of
your mind are you scared that I'll walk
away yes why
cuz you're always like the what got you
from there to here you know you left
everybody before that yeah cuz I always
I give it my all couples therapy
everything and then when I hear that fat
lady singing at the end of the ball game
in my head I know it's not my life
anymore and I remove myself you know it
was just the one time that it happened
to me but I can't be in something that's
not working and it's no surprise it's no
surprise to any of my exes I know but
you know what I think in the back of my
mind is like I know we could work it out
I would never be like let's go to
couples therapy I think that's
absolutely ridiculous if we can't talk
about it I don't want to pay somebody to
listen to us to talk about it okay but
in the back of my mind it's not that
it's not that in the back of my mind
like what if what if you met somebody
that was I don't know just turned your
head like how are you wonder how is it
that you could be in a relationship not
saying that you would cheat but like are
you wired that nothing like you know
turns your head you know how I get like
jealous when you post about other
transgender people and I'm men and I
measure myself say ho no celebrity in
the back of my mind I think that
somebody you know better-looking than me
you know might have more money than me
you know might not have all this hanging
skin that I do can turn your head and
you would walk away I could tell you
know you're gonna believe what you want
to believe you know and I can tell you
know and I can reassure you but if you
have that thing in your head I don't
know how you feel like that because then
it's like
every day of relationship you feel like
you know feel secure know the back of my
mind okay the back of my mind they used
to be in the front of my mind which led
to Howie right yeah used to be in the
front of my mind it's not it's in the
way way way back hopefully you know no
go you go who would struggle more if we
broke up you realize how these questions
are pretty much what we talk about you
get this recently too
I know it will be I miss kitty cat
though you know I throw this out and say
that you'd be on the floor under that
said that he'd be on the floor
that's it would be me
who would struggle more if we broke up I
think we would both have struggles
different struggles I think I might seem
okay on the outside you know because of
that uh keeping myself busy going and
going and going thing that I would do
but I would have internal struggle for
sure
never let them see you sweat right who
has more power in the relationship you
were made well I was just told a few
minutes ago that I was the puppet master
which is not the case the case and you
know sometimes you tell me that I
micromanage you and well I think that
runs in my family with the women and it
comes off as nagging and I can see it I
can see it when it's happening but like
I have to say things like it's their
suggestions that's all it's its
suggestions and what do you take them or
leave them I have to say them I know
like you don't even want to hear
anything you just want to do it your way
you know I think I think my family and
friends that I don't have anymore I
think you have all the power like your
Yoko Ono and I'm you know John Lennon no
it's true like I'm like a little how
much you can't guess what I'm saying
that people say people think that there
should be power in the relationship that
I'm weak that I'm like this old fat
lesbo who now thinks they're transgender
and that you're coming and you know
putting that in my head
that other what you know mean yeah
that's what it when I think of power
well I think but really when you when
you put everything to decide we would
think that one should be more power ful
in a relationship no I think it should
be equal I mean I I think of you know
you feel the other person has the upper
hand then you're not gonna grow together
you're not gonna grow separately and
you're not gonna grow together I think
that a lot of resentments
hmm would build up and come out in all
different ways yeah absolutely right
absolutely right
ask me who has more power in a
relationship you were me I don't think
either one of us has more power but I
think that when I first came to this
relationship power and a relationship
over a woman was important to me as the
man I must be honest you know I love you
we should be equal we should be partners
but at the end of the day I'm the man I
ultimately have the final say and when I
leave you should be on the floor right
I'm saying that's how I felt
I'm not saying you know what does that
word nur know ran before what's the word
Landon yes I don't feel that present a I
don't but that's my world and also throw
in you know Italian the Italian man what
a big kitty Tina you know my father and
you know so I'm saying that's what my
role models are you know so no I'm
saying that's I would have liked that I
don't want that
I think there's equal is there
so you've evolved you no longer in a
Neanderthal no but I could tell my
friends I am you know the upper hand if
I'd like so when I'm at the gym how have
I changed since the first since we first
met
it's two questions so how have I changed
since we first met I see the paper bowl
there's another question I don't want me
to say Oh
- of course sorry a lot changed since we
first met a lot a lot you know
physically because of transitioning from
female to male
your style you're a lot more hip you
know you take my suggestions but you
know fashion and stuff which is cool
then you have your own you know but
that's superficial you don't really get
insulted when I correct you on things
like you know with grammar you know I
didn't have those nuns beaten it into me
but um and I don't I think in your like
your job and stuff you know I think you
always had passion for your work but I
think it's even more now and I think
you're really really be a real
businessman now you know and look you
love that like you really are I'm not
just saying that like you know I always
said you were a mover and a shaker in a
wheeler and a dealer and it's like you
get things done you know very compelling
very bright adventurous and open to
different things you know we've been
going through a lot with the situation
with my mom's health a lot and it's
taking a toll on us you know and we can
both be clinical people you know you're
in food service and I'm a nurse but it's
somebody we love and it's hard you know
and but we've bonded together and it's
still going on there's still more
adventures waiting for that to happen
and that's the way we look at it it's
not like drudgery Oh what's the next
step
where is the next placement you know
we're doing it together
and I don't know if you've ever had that
with somebody you know but it really I
think you've come you've changed in a
lot of different ways a lot of different
ways
um for the better I'm glad to hear you
say that cuz you know sometimes I don't
know if you see the difference I see the
difference in myself you know no longer
a reviewed as a bitch you know like you
say at work you know you want me to come
out at work and you want me to and
that's going to come but I think
everything is a transition I think that
in the best circumstances every
relationship her transgender guy is
gonna be you know for his relationships
with his friends his work and you want
to be you know careful with them and and
sometimes takes a long time I think in
the business world you have to be a
little bit more professional with it
that I'm no longer the fact that I'm no
longer viewed as a bitch and and male
what women pronouns in feedback I get
from my direct reports and people have
gone you know to while they describe me
now and yeah I you know thank you for
saying that difference in me what do you
miss about me the old you thought I
wonder well that's interesting how have
I changed since we first met and what do
you miss about me hmm
I guess if this was a negative change
you know you see you take that well I
could say something well you know you
still have the ability to show emotion
and get teary and cry yeah and I love
that and we've talked about how that
female energy that's deep inside of you
alone allows that I mean there are
sensitive men
okay but you know and I've told you that
people have been with once they start
testosterone they lose that ability to
cry and the road rage I've seen and the
change with that surging through their
blood like yes they have facial hair and
their voice drops
well then once I've doing me what do you
miss about the old mate well the old you
is that it's still there that you still
are sensitive
and can cry so I don't really miss it
but if you went on TV I wouldn't miss it
so I'm kind of projecting no kind of
future so then yeah obviously the old
way I was I didn't lose anything that
was I took everything that was good how
have I changed since we first met
you have changed somebody tell you
something
you have changed tremendously you were
like I know you're gonna say because I'm
using your words but I don't know how
you could say use new words and not want
me to say them back but anyway I think
you were very sealed over I think that
you when we first met you know and
you're you told me that was just a
networking meeting yet sometimes you'll
throw it out there that I went on and
dated others before we went on our
second interaction but you were very
sealed over you're coming out of a long
five-year relationship that you would
obviously settled on and I see you
coming to you're coming to your own I
know it makes you tick
you know and it's nice to see you coming
to your own like I say to you you should
be taking time for yourself you should
be you I mean and I want you to have
time to yourself so you have changed you
know not as rigid you know the things
should be displayed like you know you've
changed a lot
you know you've let a lot of walls come
down I think that's good to hear I mean
I definitely feel that that's a second
floor what do you miss about me
you know that you stayed that person
gotten this far and the final question
will you marry me miss know if you could
change one thing in our relationship
what would it be and why think
mm sometimes I feel the different
reasons I depend on you for things
because I don't drive and living in
suburbia
mm-hm like how do you live out here and
not drive mm-hmm and so sometimes you
know I imagine myself in a little smart
car you know or something but I guess I
would try to be you know cuz I have
Fiero driving if I could get over that I
think that would balance our
relationship more you know it would be
less sometimes it feels like pressure I
think for you I know you enjoy driving
and everything but so in our
relationship because the the things we
do together because I have the wheels
and you don't you would change that in
our relationship I guess some deeper
than that deeper what would I change I
think sometimes well I think sometimes
when we argue like you say we get wild
or I get wild like a wild cat you know
and it's like yeah you know I'd like to
not get to that point and I think it
hasn't gotten to that point every time
you know I don't like that it's not good
for me I say it's not good for my beauty
you know but I mean I get like you know
the hair gets big and then I get all
Italian and that yeah you know it's like
yeah a nice thought just to see black
like if something said something you
often you know I would just see the
color black and now I'm not really
seeing that anymore I'm able to say am I
gonna go there with this how important
is it and maybe I shouldn't say anything
let's talk about this later so I think
things have changed in our relationship
but concretely what I would like to
bring to the table that I don't bring is
the ability to drive
okay we think we can do that we can get
you know that's a scary idea right you
asked me if you could change one thing
in our relationship what would it be and
why
you know I agree with that but it's
forcing me to go a little a little bit
deeper
sometimes I think biologically you know
I wish my physical part was different so
our relationship could be fully you know
like a man and a woman like a biology
but biological man and a woman but I
think we could figure that out I
struggle with that I think sometimes I
don't think people get that when you're
in the born in the wrong body like I see
sex and executing it a certain way
I want our communication to be better
but I want us to be so like shells you
know I want I want to feel so close to
you I want you to be like having my back
at all times and and never leave me and
you know I think that but you don't
think that like I do have you I didn't
put it I know I just want to if I could
change I don't know I guess that's not
really answering it you know one thing
in our relationship that I would change
I just you know just our communication
needs to be better I wouldn't change
anything about you and and I'd like to
change maybe a little bit more of our
living before we take that step to be a
little bit more together than just the
weekends I'd like to see that I'd like
to change that a little bit more I'd
like to be with you more during the week
than just this weekend thing
like to live together with you a little
bit more well that was good all right
yeah
a question that just like you wish was
in Iowa
[Music]
