yeah as well yes alright so just yeah
shouldn't take a look you know looking
Chili's eyes for 30 40 seconds then when
you feel ready just take the first card
but do you remember about the first time
we met okay I remember everything I
remember what I was wearing I don't know
what you were wearing I remember that I
was insanely nervous and I thought you
weren't going to like the way that I
looked I remember that we kissed like
five minutes after we met in person and
then I remember us waiting for the bus
to the city because we were in Long
Island and we were just sitting on the
grass and a beautiful Indian woman ran
across the street to give us money I
don't know why she did that and we were
like no you don't need the money yeah I
remember that whole day almost exactly
all right see okay so what do you love
about our relationship
I love that you see me at my best and at
my worst and you accept me except you
accept parts of me that even I don't
accept and that I don't think are worthy
of acceptance and that's really
empowering and it's really meaningful I
also love that I I've never I don't
think I've ever spoken to anyone as
freely as I have with you and I've like
told you things I've never told anybody
before
you know things about me I like nobody
knows and I think it says a lot because
it's like you know like you still love
me you still care about me even after
knowing all these things so it's like
maybe it just sort of shows me that
maybe I should be easier on myself when
do you feel closest to me closest at
nighttime in our own space like our room
I feel like it's our time and it's just
it's so easy and natural as opposed to
like when we're in the middle of like
day-to-day activities and we're busy and
you know we have to do things like
obligations I don't feel like we're on
the same page but like at night time
when we're alone and it's just less to
you with our music and like all of our
stuff and our books then I just feel
like it's like me and you time and we
really connect and it's like not even
like we're two bodies anymore like at
nighttime it's just like we're always
like just like on the same exact page
being together talking and laughing
all right so why am I your primary
partner
because I feel like even though we met
in our 20s
I feel like hey I have this strange
sense as if like we've been growing up
together our entire lives I feel like
we're still growing up together and so
it's like that shared process that
shared experience
I like transforming together it's not
like when you meet someone and it's like
you're a specific person you're a
specific person and then you change the
relationship falls apart it's like we
were continually in this process of
transformation throughout the route of
course the relationship and I feel like
that's really like that's really
powerful and that's really even though
it's based in change it's still very
stable because it's sort of like we
changed together
what do you hesitant to tell me I don't
know not many things I think I tell you
everything like not everything but like
hard get a real job
yeah no well not a real job like
oh yeah I don't know I guess like I have
this image for us and like this vision
and I want us to be a certain way and
when I feel like we're not like living
up to that I guess I feel like if I tell
you that that you'll like because you
are really hard on yourself
I just don't want you to like beat
yourself up forever about something you
know I like want to protect your
feelings I guess so if I'm ever hesitant
till I tell you anything it's not
because like I'm ashamed that's because
I want to protect you
I don't want to like hurt you it's like
whenever you're hurting it like hurts me
just as much or not yeah I don't know it
hurts a lot don't when I see you okay so
I guess I am like hesitant to uh say
like get of like a freaking job you know
let's make some money and let's go
travel let's go do what I have like this
wonderful vision I have for us let's go
like lid that you're I mean and I hate
that like it depends on money I hate
money you know and then but the same
time it's like let's let's just like
commit to this and make that dream
happen you know
[Music]
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now
Oh pass pass okay okay oh my god do we
have enough sex yeah yeah I think so
could we have more sex in your mind do
you have time tonight no okay
we don't even have time for the not that
we have now like I feel like whenever
I'm late for something it's because of
that reason okay or like if I never get
enough sleep it's because of that reason
so I think we're good in that area okay
am I the best sex you've ever had
hands-down the best okay Oh would you
like me to elaborate or no sure okay
oh you're the first person I've ever
been in love with so that changes
everything
like I don't even know like I guess if
you can measure like sexual ability like
even if you were like at the bottom like
the lousy estava in the world I don't
even think I would be able to see that
because I'm like so in love with you
that like it's just like wonderful to me
every time I'm like the sex I had before
you was like freakish and really abusive
in a weird way and like manipulative so
it's a hands down you're definitely the
best sex and a rad okay
where do you think I may fail you you
haven't failed me yet
but if you can like you know forecast
like is there any I feel like I know
where I could fail you like I don't know
what do you think it is I think that I
don't practice like enough for you and I
mean like I don't like I'm not on such
like a vigorous like spiritual path like
you're very dedicated and I just haven't
found that dedication and I haven't
found like my own personal practice so I
love yoga and I love what it's
introduced to my life but I'm not as
dedicated as you are and I feel like
sometimes you think that I don't know
like I feel like if if you had to name
any of like my like shortcomings it'd be
like she's she doesn't meditate enough
she's not doing that she's not working
on herself internally enough you know
like to your standards because you have
really high standards as far as like
spiritual path and your practice your
daily practice and yoga and your
meditation and I feel like that's
amazing for you but it's like I feel
like sometimes I don't live up to your
expectations when it comes to that
I mean I wouldn't define that I was
failing me but yeah I mean that's
something that I kind of crapola not
because I feel like anybody has to do
what I do like this is my life that's
what I'm doing for my own evolution but
I guess sometimes it would be nice to be
able to relate that aspect of my life
more with the person who I spend so much
of my time with but at the same time I'm
also aware that that's not just
something like it's not just you it's me
too like I need to have a more like
balanced and relaxed attitude about sort
of meddling other people's I guess
growth that's someone with my job right
and that could all be energy going
towards like intensifying my own work
even more so yeah I mean I apologize for
being a jerk about that you're not a
jerk
oh who asked last question you know are
you sure what are you scared to tell me
what am I scared to tell you
Pass I do idea that the tracks for our
relationship what do you do that the
tracks from our relationship I would say
like the biggest thing is like the
communication and we dealt with that
today like you're so like focused inward
so much of the time I think that it's
just like not a priority to a priority
for you to like express yourself to me
whereas like my priority all the time
it's like tell you how I'm feeling like
let's talk about it let's talk about it
and you're not that way you were and you
like let things like bubble up inside
you and I feel like if our communication
were on point and we were expressing all
over you know just just like laying
everything out in the open like our
relationship would feel a lot more
stable
not that it's unstable by any means but
I feel like if anything um could like
really it's just like your lack of
communication and I just like feel like
that's like the most important thing to
like a relationship like it's just good
really good communication like so many
issues that we have on a day to day
basis can be avoided if we just like
talked about it you know instead of like
making assumptions or just like being I
don't know I feel like you do it not
even like you're not even conscious of
it like you don't know that you're not
talking to me you know what I mean and I
just feel like a lot of times I just
feel like left out of the loop like what
is going on like I don't know because
he's not telling me so if anything it's
really just like talking more even about
like the mundane shit like just that's
what like people you see each other
everything
all day like they're gonna talk about
like really petty shit sometimes and I
feel like you're really scared to do
that like you constantly want to be look
at this really like really heavy really
deep intense like place all the time and
like sometimes I'm just don't want to be
there I want to like you know it's it
doesn't always have to be there so just
a communication and talking to me more
why did you get jealous last time and
how did you feel was the last time I was
jealous I don't know you tell me no
you're not you've never been jealous in
the last three years not to memory not
like in a serious way like well that's
there's not there's different levels of
jealousy like that's how it works so
even like at the shallowest level Oh
like when was the last time and why I
guess I may be like the first new years
have you ever had together we were at
two different parties but they were like
right next door to each other
and you have like hooked up with someone
and it was like in retrospect though
like I don't even feel like my like
being upset about it was really for a
valid reason like yeah well that's how
jealousy works like in many ways like
jealousy is can come from a very like a
rational place like it's like why are
you jealous I know just jealous it's
like enough feeling that just like keeps
up on you I guess I felt as if like you
perhaps like this other person was like
or other people are more fun than to be
around me you have more fun being out
with others than me but it's like I feel
like that was a very foolish place to be
in and that's why I kind of let it go
fairly quickly
I also think that it was also cuz I was
with another person too
it's like I had like the bad influence
of their own like interpretation on the
six on the situation especially coming
from a more conservative of monogamous
point of view it's like it made it seem
as if it was more of a problem than it
is but it really wasn't a problem from a
polyamorous point of view or from my own
point of view so it's sort of like you
have very it's like if I have a very
weak sort of reaction to something and
then somebody else is like adding like
mom like gas to the fire oh yeah it was
kind of like that so it's even there
like that's why I cuz it's like that was
really the one time that I felt really
jealous in the relationship and even
there it's like I wasn't that big a deal
someone else was me I remember that time
that night and it felt like a big deal
and I cried a lot and that's what I'm
saying like that's how the community
communication comes in if we would have
talked about it like like you were just
pissed and jealous but you don't want to
talk about it if we talked about it I
feel like that whole thing could have
just been like a lot better we could
have been a bit at the same time it's
like if I were to talk about it and I
were to express the emotions that I'm
later going to renounce then it's sort
of like I made a big mess out of
something that was really yeah I could
have just processed it
that's what jealousy does and that's why
you need to work your it and I'm also
very cautious to say things I don't mean
so it's like if I'm feeling a certain
way and I know that I'm just in being in
my emotions and if I see it from a clear
point of view later well I say something
I'm going to regret when I could just be
silent about it process it and then like
express it like I already process
instead of an it's rock I don't messy
and egotistical for him but you're right
that I should communicate more thank you
what kind of sexual acts do you do with
other partners that you don't do with me
oh I guess like really aggressive like
super aggressive you know not like
there's not like like you know like the
typical like love making scenes like
with other partners it's not like you
know r.kelly and like you name it's like
Rico it's like really raw and nasty I'm
like just really aggressive like I hate
you you mean it's like not you know yeah
it's just not really there's not like a
lot of love in it for the most part yeah
it's kind of shallow but that's why you
do it like that's that's my whole like
intention like having casual sex because
it is shallow and like there's like just
this really feeling that I get from it
that's just like like I have something
so real with you like why would I want
to go and find that with someone else so
I can just have like really nasty
shallow sex and then not think about
that person and focus on us and then
whenever I'm craving that I just go out
and do that and I love having that
freedom
cool sex questions okay how is sex
different with your other partners than
it is with me
you just have to that's cool
I mean it's like you have different
dynamics of different people all right
and different people bring out different
parts of your personality and vice-versa
so I know I mean with one other person
it's like kind of more experimental
right because they're you know they've
they've worked with him like you know
various types of sex work and so on so
they've done lots of really crazy shit
but it's like I've never done before and
so each time it's like it's it's like
it's very experimental but it's not
necessarily like you mentioned before
like this whole kind of lovemaking deep
like intimate thing it's more like sort
of expanding my imagination in a way but
I don't like compare like say one is
better than the other or anything
because it's different dynamics and it's
also a different level of intimacy right
but he could change one thing in our
relationship but would it be and why
okay
I would change our living situation I
want to live as far away from my family
as possible I want to be somewhere warm
and I want us to have like her own place
like legitimate like our own we worked
for it we built it up from the bottom I
want us to start preparing to like
expand our family and like living in an
attic like it's a bummer especially like
my family is so intrusive I feel like
when you're like a plant and you're like
in a pot that's too small for you like I
feel like we're two plants and our pots
but our pots like about to like explode
because we're like trying to grow so
hard I just feel like it's thumbs are
growth a lot and like I know that like
in a way like everything and is our in
our life right now like in some way or
another we're choosing it like we're
letting it happen you know what I mean
so I can't like play the victim and be
like look how did I end up here no I
know exactly where like I am and how I
got here but if I can just like
magically like smack my fingers and be
like we would have like our own home
like I just want that like really like
deep sense of like having a home with
you you and I mean that we like both
work for and take care of together
that's like where I'm at you know that's
what I would really love
who has more power in the relationship
you or me um I think people have power
over ourselves so it's like you have I
suppose like infinite power of yourself
and I have infinite power over myself I
try not to reproduce these kind of like
really kind of patriarchal like I try
not to own you like but that's also part
of what like like my polyamory comes
from - like I try not to be possessive
and I try not to like only or treat you
as if like you're like my thing or
something so I mean I ideally like I try
to keep it equal in the sense that I
have power over myself you have power
over yourself and it's more like two
autonomous beings choosing to interact
in this way than like me having like
found you grabbed you and made you mine
or something I agree what do you think
is the next step in our relationship
I feel like the next step is I feel like
we for like the first three years it's
been three years like we've been
fighting
it's like stay together not with each
other but like against the elements
next survival like survival I feel like
we've just been trying to survive like
we've been screaming anything it's a
money thing we've been in survival mode
for so long like being homeless and and
just like being jobless and just every
all the crazy shit the topping us for
three years and it's like I would just
love to be in a place where we don't
have to focus on surviving anymore
that's taken care of we can focus about
like evolving looking we can focus
on our evolution and like the next step
for me would be like you finishing
school and like me like just preparing I
I just don't I don't want to be struggle
like I hate the struggle like it's so
like taxing on her relationship like I
just feel like I guess I don't know I
guess everyone has to deal with it like
life and you know what it brings but I
guess the next step would just be like
not trying to survive anymore
and being with adults and growing
together and evolving and building a
home and and you know like you finishing
school and me going back to school and
like just finding our place in the world
and like instead of like trying to like
always fix something like instead of
like fixing things spending all of our
time fixing shit I want to start
building you mean so that's what I
really hope will happen very soon
if you had a son what advice would you
give him regarding girls and women
that's a good one
be yourself be yourself be even the
parts of yourself that you're afraid of
being don't and also see women as people
exactly like herself
because I feel like a lot of the fear
and tire that I felt growing up around
other women was because like for some
reason I didn't make this connection
they were human beings that perhaps be
as afraid as I am or feel the same kinds
of like you know emotions and so on like
I saw them as these like almost
otherworldly types of like figures that
I had to like prove myself to or
something so just say see them as people
like yourself respect their autonomy
respect your own autonomy and yeah just
just be human you know
and also like don't don't ever don't
ever make you're like don't ever have
your whole sense of self worth like rely
on the approval of one particular person
or like a woman or a man if they're into
matter whatever like but love yourself
and be yourself and let your light shine
bright and those little like it will
come by you don't have to perform this
sort of notion of like what a man is
supposed to be in order to attract
someone because you think that that's
all that all women want is if all women
want the same thing alright so just be
yourself and the people it'll die with
you who live with you
if you had a daughter of what advice
would you give her regarding boys or men
okay I don't know I guess growing up I
was always really afraid of men like you
said you but I was afraid of men in a
different way like you were afraid of
like being like rejected by women you
know what I mean yeah that's like we
have cult right now right and I was
afraid of men because they were strong
and scary and like my mom would bring
men into the house that were scary and
they would get drunk and they would be
violent you know what I mean so I guess
like there's like I don't even know
where to start there's so much
you mean like there's there's so much
and it has to start from like such a
young age or like learn martial arts
uh-huh learn more yeah learn how to
defend yourself against gummy man but
also be open to the men that you know
are going to respect you as a woman and
and you know yeah I'm just like don't
like I guess it's like the same message
like I like the girls I grew up like if
you grew up with you if you don't have a
boyfriend a few didn't you know like
have guys crushing on you like your
self-worth was like low you know I mean
like like real like I grew up like I
didn't have my first kiss until I was
like 22 or something like boys like
didn't even look at me
like I was like the funny fat girl or
anything like I was just like a buddy
yeah I mean but my like and like my
self-worth was I mean it still is shit
like it was so bad because like my
friends constantly like just encouraged
that like idea that like you don't have
like but like if men
track to queue or you're not doing
something to attract a man like it's
like we have to like do all these things
to attract men right if you're not doing
that job well then you're basically
worthless in the society like that's
like the message that was like drilled
into me like you're not girly enough
you're not wearing enough dresses you're
dude you're doing this all wrong
you may mean I'm like that was so much
like instead of focusing on that for so
long like I could I could have been
focused on like some real shit like that
stuff does not matter you need me and
now I know that and like there are women
my age you don't know that and they're
going to die not knowing that like I
don't fucking shave my legs what the
fuck does that have to do with anything
like new I mean like why does that
matter I would tell my daughter like you
don't like all these little things that
I just like magnified like in the media
like you need to look this way I guess
just like I would just say like focus on
yourself first I mean like make
decisions because you genuinely believe
that that's the right thing to do don't
ever make a decision don't ever shave
your legs or you know dress a certain
way because your friends or the
television are telling you that's what's
going to get a man I like a man's
attention
you know because relationships that are
based on that or not genuine you know
like they're not and um that's just like
really important like just I want my
daughter to be have like really high
self-worth because I grew up with really
low self-worth and that was because I
was fat and guys don't like me and now I
look back and it's like really that's
that's why that's so sad like it's so
sad that I spent 22 years like just
dwelling on that
be ass like that was stuck it was just
like utter bullshit and I feel like that
was time wasted I don't want my daughter
to waste time you know patty shit like
that okay in the back of your mind are
you scared that I'll walk away no no
never last question how do I take you
for granted
I mean we've discussed this already
everybody imagines no okay you are
always talking about like our inner
child and like how you parent your own
air tiles I feel like I sometimes and
like overly mothering towards you I'm
like I wanted to take care of you and I
do it like naturally like it's like an
instinct because I love something I want
to take care of it right and then but at
the same time like I do all these small
things like I'm calm I'm like constantly
like not like catering to you but like
trying to accommodate your needs but you
don't see it your name mean and it's
like at the same time as it's uneven the
point I'm not doing it to get your
attention I'm doing it because I love
you you know but if there's like any way
that you do take me for granted it's
that I do like you know like I I I take
care of you like and I guess we do take
care of each other but like you
contribute something way different than
I do and I guess that's where the whole
balance thing comes in like you're you
always want me to be like in a stable
like healthy mindset like that's your
focus and that's really really important
you know II mean but like I'm always
like taking care of you like in the
physical realm like make
you sure you and you know I mean like
doing on and just and and I just feel
like you do take that for granted a
little bit like sometimes I think and
this is like sometimes I think this is a
horrible top like sometimes I'm like
what would he do like if I were like had
to leave for a month or something like
you know like I think about going like
wolfing all the time you know what I
mean like in I can be gone for like a
long time it's like I'd be worried about
you like I'd be like how would he be
living like who would do his laundry you
know what I mean did you know I know
anything I know that you you can be like
these are these are the things that I do
because like I don't know sorry I feel
like if anyway if there's any way that
you take me for granted it's like those
little things that like you know just
you know just like in taking care of you
and taking care of our like our home
together and whatnot I can't think of
[Music]
can you there was a lot of sex once
now think so what could I do to be
better to you that's a good
consideration that would I would say
just like being more considerate because
you are you can be I'm sorry like sword
insensitive without realizing it like
I'm extremely sensitive person like I am
overly sensitive like I'm very emotional
and again balance like at the same time
like maybe it's a good thing that you're
not like who would balance me out when
I'm like freaking out inside or having
an emotional like you know like today I
was so hungry and cranky and tired and
if you were just as sensitive as I was
we would have both been like bratty and
shitty towards each other but no it was
like I was being a brows being a baby
and I was like complaining all day and
you just weren't having it you just like
you were just like you I guess that's
like the bout you you were calm and
centered the whole time your name Ian so
if you were also like just as like
sensitive and in tune with my emotions
you would have been you know freaking
out also and that would have been no
good so I don't know maybe I should
appreciate the balance more do you have
anything you want to ask me
hmm I guess I just sometimes I wonder
like what your vision because I am very
specific with my vision for us and it's
like we don't have the same vision like
we need to like morph our visions to
make like one big vision you know I mean
like sometimes I wonder because you
don't talk about it like I'm always
telling you what I want for us and you
never tell me
so I guess I just wonder like what do
you want our future to look like
together I know that's a ginormous
question like I mean I do envision it
but at the same time it's one of those
things I mean this isn't this is not
I'll preface this by saying this is in
good relationship logic but it's like
it's one of those things where it's like
if you're trying to make something
happen like you don't talk about it you
just sort of go ahead and do it and you
sort of keep that vision alive inside of
yourself it's kind of like an esoteric
principle but it's like like you just
sort of like work on it you don't speak
it and then it manifests more quickly
than if you just like tell it and then
you know it's like subject to other
people's opinions and like all these
other things but that's bad relationship
logic you shouldn't keep your plans
secret they involved other people but
yeah so I suppose I should be less
secretive with you okay
that I liked you guys I said if you
learn anything I like didn't come up
they wasn't expected yeah I mean I
learned that I can get you to
communicate better by just sitting in
front of you with cameras around and
like just talking to you and asking you
questions
hey like didn't we have that time
machine idea time machine or we would
like record various aspects of our lives
through multiple mediums of art and then
save it as a time machine for after we
die is like a journey capsule yeah I was
like yeah so why not that like why not
actually record some of our a
conversation he's a good idea maybe we
should do that yeah that'd be a good
idea so I just learned I relearned what
that was good and I learned that on you
know I kid I could definitely
communicate a lot more a lot better I
learned that
yeah I think a lot of it's sort of
sensors remind that same thing you know
that I've closed myself off on some
level and I should be hoping that sort
of channel I learned that I need to be
more appreciative of who you are like
you're just your personality because
we're so different in that way
you mean and sometimes it bugs me but
like I should appreciate like who you
are exactly how you are you know they
mean except like how you can be Stern
and serious when I'm goofy and crazy you
know what I mean because I again like I
guess I learned that like one of the
most important things in our
relationship is our balance