what are your three favorite memories
from our relationship one of my favorite
memories is when we went to we went
rollerblading which which time wait we
went rollerblading with see Amara and
then we came back to your house and we
eat the hot dogs yeah yeah could she eat
the hot dogs I think she could of dirt I
remember there was like a big issue of
her like not being able to eat hot dogs
and hunger my mom specifically made sure
that like she could eat them and she was
really happy and then her mom kept
calling her and then that add features I
really like add cages even though we
lost it was fun and I think like the
general for the third one is just having
the biology class yeah that was nice
I thought we bonded on Saturday I mean
that was like the first time we like I
actually started speaking to each other
and like actually because before that I
don't think we really spoke to each
other at all
like we didn't have a we were never in
the same room together like we didn't
have a class together so we didn't
really see each other that often
what do you remember about the first
time we met that's funny because we were
talking about that on the way here we
were in the biology class and I used to
think that you were really scary and I
was scared to talk to you because
everyone used to tell me that you were
not mean but like really intimidating
and you seemed really intimidating and
then I think I was sitting by myself at
one of the lab tables one day and I
think you showed up like a few minutes
late or you were sitting somewhere else
and then you'd like got your stuff and
asked if you could sit next to me and I
said okay because I was like too scared
to say no and I was like I don't want
you to not like me and then you were
really friendly and you would ask me
questions and try to get me to like talk
more like you would say something and be
like oh this is really cool or like I
like what you're wearing or something
like that and I felt more comfortable
talking to you and then we would see
each other every Saturday so it was it
was fun that's what I remember
what's the most ridiculous thing I've
done what did it teach you about me you
can be honest about this one if it's
really bad probably gonna have to need
some time to think about it
I feel like you could interpret
ridiculous in any way whether it was
like something that I probably shouldn't
have done it was a mistake that like
upset you or just something stupid I've
done and then what did it teach you
about me
I don't really know how to answer the
question because I can't think of
anything that you've done that's
ridiculous I feel like you think about a
lot of things before you do them so you
don't really go over things oh okay I
remember when junior year when we had us
together mm-hm and I used to sit next to
you and I always used to look at your
homework and you would write so much
that it wouldn't even fit in the margins
and I felt like that was like so much
work he didn't even read the question I
mean the answers so you writing so much
less like unnecessary in my opinion yeah
it was now that I think about it like he
really didn't read anything and I was
kind of just doing extra work for no
reason but I mean at least I learned
something kind of and then what did it
teach you about me you're an
overachiever with nobody did that
Brandon wrote outside of the margins for
a while then he told us that we were
stupid because we didn't know how to use
paper correctly do your best impression
of me both so I get yeah we both know
sir can I get up cause I feel like my
impression I don't
I don't really know I don't know I mean
like I was gonna dance but then I don't
want this to like get messed up okay
I'll try to like do my best while
sitting I'm gonna she's hard I'm trying
to think of something that would but you
would either say constantly I already
know when you make that face and you're
like you always make that face or like
when you say something that you know is
really funny or like you threw some
shade you're just like you just look at
each other and I already know what
you're thinking either that are just
dancing but I feel like your dance moves
would be really hard to replicate thank
you thank you I'll take that as a
compliment
my best impression of you I was thinking
while you were speaking so that I would
be able to do it right after but I guess
wasn't they can clip it off I feel like
you kind of like fixed your clothing
often I can't really fix it because like
you were a lot of highways and stuff and
I don't so I'm going to do that right
it's move my shirts up a little bit but
and you like you just said right now you
fix your glasses I also don't have
glasses so I can't do that but yeah they
are my glasses I'm trying to think of
like something that we say a lot you
always say like there it is it is and I
feel like I picked that up from you like
I say that sometimes or whenever someone
says something that's really frustrating
and like you don't want to argue at them
you'll just be like I understand I say
that all the time and I feel like some
people take it the wrong way and they
think that I'm trying to be rude but I'm
actually just saying that because I
don't want to get into an argument with
them but you said that so much that I
started saying it and I feel like see
you tomorrow says it sometimes too
what are you hesitant to tell me
probably gonna miss you a lot when I go
to college
I don't really tell people that I'm
gonna miss them because then it makes me
think about it and then like I get sad
and I don't want to get sad but I feel
like we've been through a lot together
and we've known you even though I didn't
really know you that much freshman year
since sophomore year like you you know
we've been through a lot and I'm gonna
miss that yeah I'm gonna answer that one
too
I think and although I feel like we've
moved past this and I don't want to like
like bring anything up or just like
cause unnecessary issues I just feel
like we never really had a conversation
about like the time period especially
like this year where we kind of just
like didn't talk to each other anymore
we like drifted apart and because there
was never really a conversation because
we're both like very passive-aggressive
when we we'll know that something's
bothering the other person and then we
just won't say anything because we're
too upset and we don't want to talk to
anyone or just like we don't want to
hurt the other person's feelings but it
gets to a point where I feel like we go
so long without talking to each other
that like at like at a certain point
like even a few months ago I wondered if
we were even going to talk to each other
anymore
or like if you didn't want to talk to me
if you didn't like me anymore because I
still spoke to Xiomara and that was fine
but then it's like I really because I
didn't I don't speak to like a group of
people anymore and like you speak to
that group of people I was just
wondering if like it would be too
difficult to maintain a friendship or
any kind of relationship like I don't
know I think I that's what I'd be
hesitant to tell you that like that
worried me and that scared me a lot and
I thought I honestly thought that we
weren't like we probably wouldn't even
be here right now if we wouldn't be
talking to each other yeah I don't know
I feel like that was a conversation that
was never had and
yeah I don't know I don't feel like
raise that I feel like through these
questions we're probably gonna talk
about it but I want you to know that
even when I'm friends with a group of
people like I will never let one
friendship well it'll probably affect
another friendship but I wouldn't
terminate a friendship based on what
somebody else thinks because I'm only
really friends with one of the people in
the group now yeah I thought that that I
don't want to say their names when I'm
scared they're gonna watch this
I don't like come after me but um like
that's it's really weird because like
that's the what I don't understand about
the whole situation is that like that's
why I stopped speaking to them because
we were friends and they didn't approve
of it and like I don't need someone's
permission to be someone's friend like
and I feel like just talking about this
in the way that I'm explaining this it
sounds so childish because it is
childish yeah I don't need to explain
why I like being around certain people
or why I do the things that I do or why
I feel the way that I do and I was going
through a lot at the time and I always
felt like I couldn't speak to them about
how I was genuinely feeling and that
kind of told me that if I can't be
honest with them then like we should the
relationship isn't gonna go anywhere and
it's not doing anyone any good but like
then I because like we weren't talking
either and I don't
again like I don't really think we ever
like nothing really happened we just
kind of stopped speaking to each other I
always thought it was really weird
because the reason I stopped speaking to
that group of people was because like
they weren't okay with us being friends
and then the exact opposite of what I
expected to happen happened but I'm glad
that like things are okay now but that
was always like a big question for me
because I even spoke to like Miss
Herrera about it I didn't understand how
that happened I mean in my mind I just
thought that the same way that I saw
like good in you even though everyone
told me that like not to befriend you
were like not to talk to you that you
were like real
me and like really insensitive that's
not the experience that I've ever had
with you and like I don't people people
would say things like that and I'm sure
people have said that those kinds of
things about me because people say stuff
about everyone but that wasn't the
experience I had with you and I didn't I
chose not to like listen to those people
so I thought it was really strange that
that happened that worked out the way it
did yes I realized that like after
spending like a couple of hours in one
day with them that a lot of them are
really judgmental and I didn't think
that so I only really talked to one of
them now and I guess I would speak to
the other ones while I'm with that other
person that you know who I'm talking
about but I don't really I only really
hang out with one of them not the person
but you know another person the one that
smiles all the time I'd hang out with
her because I like her yeah like her
personality I don't I don't dislike any
of them and I feel like it would be easy
like I don't it's not that I think about
this all the time but I think about it
from time to time and I wonder if like I
know that I've like it was part of the
relationship not working was kind of my
fault because I didn't communicate and
when I get really upset I just kind of
like retreat and they just like
hibernate and like don't want to talk to
anyone because I'm really upset and I
need to like work through it myself so I
feel like had there been more
communication or had I tried to maybe
like help those people understand that
being so judgmental I like talking about
someone else really doesn't make you
that much better so there's no point in
doing it I would like to think that that
would work but I feel like in terms of
maturity maybe right now that wouldn't
have worked so I don't regret the
decision I made I just feel like I
definitely made mistakes and like we've
all made mistakes but you just kind of
have to move past it but I mean I don't
I don't dislike any of them and I hope
that everything works out for them and
whatever it is they wanted achieve in
life it would be easier if I didn't and
you know if I could just like cast
everyone out of my yeah but like they've
been a part of your they'd been a part
of our lives for like so many years so
you can't just pretend like they don't
this when do you peel closest to me I
think well I would say like right now I
like any time where we actually talk
about how we're feeling because we don't
do that that often I think yeah I like
all right I like he tried I have like
when we talk about how we're feeling and
we're honest about that just because it
answers a lot of questions that I have
or it'll answer a lot of questions that
you have because even though I think we
can tell pretty well like what the other
person is feeling
sometimes you can't and that helps and
all of this isn't really part of the
question I think I also felt really like
if I had to pick like a moment in all
the years that we have been friends
where like I really felt close to I
would probably say like graduation day
when your mom came up to me after I gave
my speech and was like crying and
telling me that she had been through the
same kinds of things that I spoke about
with like mental illness and just having
anxiety and like not taking care of
yourself and learning but that's a thing
that you should do and then it's not
selfish to take care of yourself I think
because I you know I didn't know that
about her and for her to tell me that
she's been through the same thing or
similar made me feel closer to you as a
friend and I feel like that's something
that has brought us closer even though
we don't really talk about it that much
I just I think about it a lot and I'm
glad that one I'm not alone into that
someone else has been able to kind of
learn to cope with things like that so I
know that if we ever have issues like
that we'll be okay I feel like the
closest that I felt to you was on
graduation but not obviously when you
met my mom because I wasn't there
it was when look like we were in the
front of the school and not not like the
front like on the fourth floor yeah like
I was crying and I was like sorry for
being a bitch because I'm really
dramatic
and yeah and when we hugged I feel like
we're really close yeah yeah I remember
that if you could go back and change
anything from our past what would it be
and why I feel like I would probably go
back to like I don't know if it was the
first semester towards the end or the
second one in the beginning but in ve I
feel like that's when we kind of stopped
talking because we kept clashing and
neither of us I knew that you didn't
want to argue and I didn't want to argue
either so instead we just didn't say
anything saying it yeah so we didn't
speak for like two or three months that
was ridiculous yeah I think I would
change that too I was going to say that
like I don't think I would change
anything because we've learned from it
but that is true I still think that for
the sake of answering the question if I
did have to change something I would not
necessarily change and like eliminate
that entire like issue because I think
like we did learn something valuable
from it but change I guess the way that
we dealt with it and I would hopefully
if we were to redo that or somehow
experience that again like be better at
communicating and knowing that the other
person doesn't want to argue and that we
just need to talk about it but I think
and this is something that again like I
clashed a lot on with like that other
group of people is that we were both so
passionate about that and we wanted not
only ourselves but like the entire class
to have a really good time and enjoy
everything that they were doing or like
get something meaningful out of the
experience that we would take it really
personally and we would take a lot of
that stuff home with us even though it
should have just stayed there but at the
end of the day I don't think that
anything we did was ever like out of
spite or like being like purposefully
hurtful I think we were just both really
invested in and really passionate about
what we were doing and we just cared too
much if that makes any sense
yeah it does what can I do to improve
our relationship like all these
questions I would say just telling you
how you feel more and I feel like I have
to work on that too
but I'm worried now that we're going to
different schools not just you and me
but you me and Xiomara that despite
everything we've been through and like
we always find our way back there's
still a part of me that worries that
even if we like keep in contact or we'll
like text each other there gonna be days
where we can't talk to each other
because we're really busy or we're gonna
make new friends and we're gonna talk to
new people which is great and that's
fine but I'm like constantly worried
that as the time passes war because
we're experiencing different things
we'll just be different people and we
won't be in that same kind of mindset
right because we're like experiencing
different things and we're not together
all the time all right so I think that
with that being said just being able to
like talk about how we feel or like if
something stressing you out even if it
does like we don't have to have like
super emotional conversations all the
time just like if something stressed you
out that day or like something bother do
you like we can just talk about it or
like if something bothered me we can
talk about it and like not feel not
guilty is not the word I want to use but
like not feel like we're intruding or
like being too overly sensitive or
anything like that because I don't mind
talking about how you feel or if
something's really bothering you
like I think last summer or the summer
before you were talking to me about like
all the stuff going on with your dad and
like his house and I remember you called
me and you were riding a bike and then I
think I heard him on the other line of
the phone asking why you weren't wearing
when you're riding your bike and then
you immediately hung up and like called
me or texted me a few hours later but I
remember that that was really stressful
for you so I was glad that you felt
comfortable enough to talk to me about
it but just more things like that I
think would be great if you want to
answer that back you can as well if you
think I need to work on anything because
it definitely do I also think it's
communication but I think it's not to
say like it's all it's not you it's me
but like I think my biggest problem
which is super ironic because I talk a
lot is communication because I'll talk a
lot about things that don't really
matter or not necessarily don't matter
but aren't of the most importance but I
usually I'm usually dissuaded to talk
about things that need to be talked
about because I know sometimes I can
really like facing reality yeah so I
think I get that yeah
what's one lesson you really want me to
learn these are they're really
thoughtful questions one lesson I really
want you to learn
I feel like you're a very charismatic
person and because you're really
charismatic sometimes you're blinded by
some of your actions and it can come off
like a little bit selfish and not not
like not the things where you go home
and you study like that's not selfish
you just care about your grades but
sometimes you do things and of course
when all when you bring up a problem you
never have an example to back it but
sometimes when you do things you don't
realize like how it might be perceived
as a little bit selfish do you mean like
I know you said you don't have an
example but what do you like do you mean
like a personal problem or like
something that I'm not talking about
like I guess sometimes when you talk not
recently
ever since graduation it's been like
really good but before like before we
had the thing that we stopped talking
and the I feel like sometimes when you
talk you don't realize how much you're
talking about yourself I kind of got a
little bit annoying I used to I know I
get what you mean I've been trying to
not do that because I realized that
although I would like I don't know I
just really I did get a no I was getting
annoyed at myself because even though I
wasn't trying to be selfish or like like
I don't like show up like I wasn't
trying to like prove a point or anything
I think I'm just the type of person that
I it's not that I don't like awkward
silences or just like silence but I feel
the need to just keep talking if no one
else is talking if I'm comfortable with
that person if I'm not then I probably
won't say anything but if I'm around
people that I feel comfortable I just
keep talking but I've learned to control
that and not do it as much because it
was annoying today I asked that question
or did you know I asked my questions as
your Jenny I'm gonna actually pick this
one because it keeps falling
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now
literally all using the same I just
think I've been trying to think of like
a specific time because I don't feel
like like in general I don't think
you've disappointed me actually yeah I
think I can pick something I don't to be
honest like that and this just shows
like how unimportant this this is or
like why I don't understand why we made
it such a big deal before but it was
when we were having I remember it was a
day we went to a practice for the
business plan over Christmas break and
it was just like you me a few other
people like a tool I think cane I showed
up to and miss maroney's like pulled
each of us individually to speak to us
and then I think I saw you like outside
in the hallway like talking to Jessica
and I didn't know what you were saying
what she kept like looking back in the
room so of course like I got paranoid
and I thought you were saying something
about me and my feelings were hurt
because I didn't understand like why we
weren't speaking to each other but I
think I was disappointed because I
remember mr. Ronis saying something
about how she could understand why we
were both upset and that we both had
valid reasons to be upset and again
because we hadn't spoken to each other I
was disappointed because I did like I
genuinely I was like did I do something
wrong did I say something wrong like did
I offend you did I hurt your feelings I
don't understand why like you're being
so like bitch offensive so like
defensive um but I think I was
disappointed with that because I had
never like we had never we had had like
little arguments before but it had never
been that bad to the point where like we
hadn't spoken to each other and we're
just putting it off for as long as we
could and then to make matters worse
when I that was when I was still
speaking to certain people and
they just like added more fuel to the
fire and they were like oh we told you
like don't this is why you don't speak
to people like that blah blah blah and I
didn't get not to say that I got like
swept away in it but because I was upset
like yeah yeah but it's not important
and like I don't even think about that
anymore
I kind of feel like and I don't really
care if they watch this but I kinda feel
like they're like a cesspool of snakes
yeah it continues but like because I
know her a lot more I don't really
consider her as a snake yeah I know I'm
talking about that's the one person that
person and then like the smiley mmm well
I would say that person and then the
person that I don't want to talk in
Cohen I'm scared to say their names okay
okay cool oh so this is this makes
things a lot easier
um like I never had a problem with Julia
Julia is fine but like I'll say I felt
like I would stab even when we would be
in like miss maroney's room I would
still talk to her like we'd have
conversations but we've had a
conversation about like what has
happened in terms of us like not being
friends anymore and we've both agreed to
like be at a point where we can speak to
each other if we see each other but like
we're not necessarily the best of
friends and I'm okay with that and like
I respect that about her and like I'm
fine with Julianne I would be fine like
talking to Christopher those were like
probably the only three that I would
really talk to Melissa she's a good
person and I can tell she just has
trouble expressing her emotions and my
experience with her has been that she
like a lot of the time then she would
get frustrated it would just be like
this outburst and I didn't know how to
deal with that so I just felt like I
wasn't doing anything good time being
her friend so you know and like that
whole relationship was just affecting me
really negatively I was just like not
talking to my dad at the time and like
really stressed out
so I just
we didn't handle it anymore um for Napa
Valley but yeah the other person and
since we can say their names and they'll
get caught out this will be great I
really like even though I don't hate
Molina okay like don't look so scared to
say her name you and I don't dislike her
I just feel like she's just a very
negative person and I don't want to be
around that and she was like the main
reason why I always felt like I couldn't
voice my opinion and I like I what like
literally drove me insane was that she
would literally talk so much shit about
you and like constantly tell me things
about like how you were horrible and how
like someone said this and this and this
about you and this is so childish and I
can't believe or even like wasting time
talking about this but then like as soon
as I stopped talking for them I don't
know like it was purposeful but then
like everyone started being a friend and
like being all buddy-buddy with you and
I was just like I know you don't like
that person so why are you doing that I
feel like the only well not the only
people but the people that I really
liked the most in the group where you
know the person that I kept referring to
the entire time and they're like Julian
because I feel like you're gonna block
that okay okay just block all those
people's names I feel like I like him
because he's really like sincere and
yeah genuine and I feel like he doesn't
really have a need to lie so he doesn't
lie and I don't like that but yeah I'd
rather I feel bad about Julian because I
remember when I spoke to Julia she told
me that he was really hurt that I kind
of just stopped talking to everyone and
like I think that's when I was referring
to like mistakes that's like the biggest
thing that I regret is that I
unintentionally hurt someone's feelings
because I really the only reason I
stopped speaking to the entire group is
because I knew that like milena would
just tell everyone like not to talk to
me and that I was horrible because like
that those few months after I like
really cut off all ties with them were
awful like I remember speaking to like
Christopher and even like Julia and they
literally would just like there was like
one day where they both like kind of
like tag-teamed on me and just like
competed li sent me tech
just telling me like what an awful
person I was Christopher specifically
and it's just like I don't understand
why despite what the issue was like why
that was necessary and that just
reflects that like you're not a very
mature person but I feel bad about like
not being able to like tell Julian that
I I'm sorry about that and maybe I will
after this because I feel like I should
and I owe him an explanation but I'd
like I just feel weird about it because
I don't want to bring up stuff that like
people have already forgotten about it
moved on from yeah I I also feel like
like we know the the main person that
typically poisons took like the whole
clique but I feel like with the person
that we feel closes - well not close to
sue but the person you were just
referring to like he's gotten really
close with a certain someone that has a
boyfriend not in the group are you
talking about they're gonna they're
gonna bleep this out I understand you
can you take out the boyfriend part to
throwing major shade okay okay so I'm
just gonna say the names up that's okay
that's cool okay so I feel like I feel
like Julia and Julian got really close
yeah I don't know where that and I feel
like well so Julia told Melissa that
Julia's finds me and she likes me and
everything but I kind of feel like
that's a lie like she actually doesn't
like me and I don't understand why
they're so close because I feel like
Julia talks about Julian to Melissa but
then you're really close to him so like
what is the truth like insert the open
the Oprah gift what is the truth I don't
know yeah I noticed that it like gelas
party like I will here's the thing I'm
really bad at like if I'm focusing on
one thing I don't pay attention to
anything else but Michelle told me about
that and then when she pointed out I was
like huh yeah I did notice that they
were like together the end
time and I didn't that was weird like I
didn't wonder why but then when we went
to like valerie's party he was all over
his Abela so I was really confused
he's weird I feel like he doesn't know
what he wants I actually think he was
just being friendly with both but still
I don't understand why the first person
I mentioned like why so I mean that's
the best part about like not speaking to
any more is they don't have to worry
about any of that is it is it your
tournament it was you got the one at the
bottom right yeah so then didn't you do
the lesson1 wait what was the last
question your answer what can i improve
- what can I do to improve my
relationship I don't even remember how
we started talking about this how think
about how many cards do you have
okay what are the next steps in our
relationship I feel like the biggest
step in our relationship is going off to
separate colleges and remaining in the
contact because I feel like when I
graduated middle school and I had like
so I don't even care if you block these
peoples names out I don't know if you're
going to but it doesn't really matter
sorry that we keep looking at the camera
by the way yeah sorry I would keep
asking you questions you can block out
everyone prior to this I feel like I was
friends with some of this girl named
Simone and I think you've told me about
it before and like another girl named
Teresa and we're all really close
because we had all the same classes
together like the entire day we sat next
to each other and learn some of LA and
then like literally the day of the last
day of school I asked them if they
wanted to do something they're like oh
no we're going home and I'm fine with
that like like I'm fine if you don't
want to do anything but then whenever I
asked them to do stuff they would like
ignore me
so it was like right after we graduated
you don't want to talk to me anymore
which is really really fake because
we've known each other for such a long
time and it's like really really long
because at least six hours every day we
spent non-stop sitting next to each
other talking about everything but I
feel like I'm kind of paranoid to
graduate well not to go
graduated area paranoid to remain rat
friends because I don't want to feel
like if I'm talking to you
that you don't want to talk to me I
really don't like that feeling I don't
like this makes me that's exactly what I
was talking about earlier that's what
I'm worried about but I think if we're
both conscious of it as we seem that
where are we are I think we'll be okay
I'd like in my head I just keep
picturing like when we go back for like
reunions or things like that and we see
each other I don't want it to be that
case where that's where we're seeing
each other for the first time or that's
the first time we're hearing from each
other again because then there's that
disconnect because I always feel like
with us and with like Xiomara - you
don't have to bleep her name out anyway
- every time even if we go like a few
days or like weeks without talking every
time we started talking again it's as if
like we didn't stop talking and we can
just continue any conversation and like
make fun of each other and like be okay
with that or like be honest with each
other and ask each other questions and
just talk it's probably yeah the
relationship I have with you guys is
like probably one of the best ones I've
ever had with any friends just because I
feel like we can all be really honest
with each other and we've always been
really honest with each other but I
think that because we're all conscious
of that we'll be okay
hopefully we also don't want to
overthink everything yeah
why are you maintaining this friendship
I don't know I don't know why are we
here
I think in speaking about like why we
didn't talk to each other for a really
long time it would have been really easy
well not really easy but it would be an
easier so you just like forget about
each other or like not talk to each
other after we've already not been
speaking it takes more work to like pick
up a friendship when it's already like
in shambles or not in shambles that's
dramatic but just know it'll not out
going well I think that on both of our
parts
we just realized that we care about the
friendship and we care about the
relationship so putting in more work or
putting in more effort to just
communicate more or like ask each other
how the other person's doing or just
spend more time with each other before
we both like go our separate ways
is important to both of us I'm
maintaining the friendship because I
like I like your company I think you're
a good person despite what anyone might
think I think you're gonna do really
awesome things in life and you'll be
like the coolest sassiest doctor ever
and I'm gonna be really proud of you
when you do that and there's no like
with us and but zmr I feel like there's
no room for like being jealous of one
another's accomplishments or like and
being that other person for like doing
something we couldn't do just because
we're all really supportive of each
other and we're the type to cheer each
other on even if we don't have that same
opportunity because something else will
come for us and we'll be fine
like a talk so much what do you hope for
my future and this is both so we both
have to answer it's weird because we
were just talking about them for your
future I hope we become a really quirky
CEO of something that you really enjoy
as of now I know that you really like
hula hoops but I don't know if you'll
maintain not maintain but continue to
develop that company but I feel like
you're gonna find your niche somewhere
and I like the fact that you're not
gonna be a boring boss because I feel
like what why hire someone that's boring
but I won't be like Michael Scott yeah I
mean I kind of answered that already but
I'll maybe answer and like not career
goals I hope that in the future you find
someone that you know you really like
their company someone that you'd love
someone that you feel like you can be
open about how you feel and have a good
relationship with that person hopefully
someone that's really cute
you know it doesn't it doesn't hurt and
yeah I hope you just I hope that you I'm
kind of like rambling but I I think
ultimately I hope that when you look
back on like these next few years and
like whatever you're gonna do in college
or even what you did in high school just
your next two years of life you don't
have any regrets about who you've chosen
to like surround yourself with and what
decisions or opportunities you've chosen
to like partake in like I would hope
that you wouldn't have any regrets of
like missed opportunities or of just
like maintaining relationships that you
didn't feel we're meaningful thank you
all right it's my last card why do you
care about me I don't know Turkey I care
about you because I think that you're
like I think the best way to explain you
is like or to like like the best analogy
for you is kind of like a light bulb I
feel like you shine we're really going I
feel like you shine really bright at
times and then sometimes maybe like the
circuit is open and then you're like
kind of flickers out but there's always
a way to like turn you back on kind of
like a light bulb with an orbit too
because not an orbit but like raised
because you make other people smile also
clip parts of light bulbs yeah and I
like I like being around people that
make me laugh because in life we're
gonna face things that won't necessarily
be the best and I like to surround
myself with people that I know that will
bring me up when I'm feeling down yeah I
agree
what have you learned from me that's
change you
like this is one of those questions
where like I have learned a lot but it's
like I've never thought about this so I
need to give it a second I think I know
my answer I think that I've learned like
not to give a shit about what anyone
thinks about me just because even from
like the get-go like before I even knew
you I always thought you were really
intimidating because I can tell that
like you didn't care what anyone thought
of you and you were gonna do whatever
you wanted to do within reason just
because you were comfortable with
yourself and you were a confident person
I really wasn't that confident even just
like two three years ago and I think
that just surrounding myself with
someone like you who is so confident and
comfortable in their own skin and like
okay with just being themselves and
either letting people accept that or not
accept it and that's fine too
I think that has taught me to be more
confident has taught me to like not feel
ashamed to like ask the question or just
be me like I don't apologize for being
myself
I'm the apologetic but I think that's
what I've learned you you've made me a
more confident person and I think
Xiomara is learning that too yeah she's
getting there I'm glad I feel like I'm
gonna answer the question I feel like in
the and like this may not seem like as
life-changing as like confidence but I
feel like I've learned from you it's
okay to study because I never really
like studying at all and I feel like
studying is kind of a waste of time but
I realized it is really important even
if you do know something to study
because looking back I know that if I
wasn't study for like at least ten
minutes the better yeah but I didn't
study at all and I'm gonna take that
into college to study I feel like part
of that with like a lot of people not
just see like a lot of kids that we went
to school with I think the thing is like
you always hear that like educate
so important and you know without an
education you're not gonna go anywhere
in life or you're not gonna get a job
but I think once you realize that like
you genuinely need this to go after the
dreams that you have and the goals that
you have it becomes so much more
meaningful because it's a privilege that
not everyone has and to take that for
granted every day seems really selfish
and it is really selfish so I think when
you're doing something that you really
enjoy like you're studying something you
really enjoyed like pre matter my weird
major it doesn't seem like a hassle or
it doesn't seem like schools a drag just
because you know that with that
knowledge and with that information not
only are you privileged to get it but
you can actually make a difference and
help somebody else but hasn't had that
same privilege do you think we'll be
close in 15 years why or why not I don't
know I feel like that's like I want to
say yes and I hope yes but I don't know
I feel I don't know I really don't know
how to answer that again like I'd like
to say yes and I would hope that we keep
in contact and as we get older we'll go
to each other's houses or apartments
spend time with each other like go out
to lunch and do things like that but
it's it's those weird things where
you're having different experiences and
you're meeting new people so you're not
on the same page anymore but again I
have hope that because you me and Jim
are so close as it is we'll be okay
but I think thinking even like five
years into the futures already kind of
scary so I don't I don't have a
definitive answer
I think thinking a few months into the
future yeah I feel like I'm gonna answer
the question
I don't really know either but I do know
that I'll still think of you yeah
because I still think of people from
like Simone like I still think of her I
don't like I don't like what she did and
that would I would accept her apology
but I would it's like you've learned
something yeah
they were a part of your life for so
long that you can't just act like they
didn't exist yeah I don't know how
people do that I don't I don't think
anyone can do that and I feel like
anyone that says if they can is lying
because that's that's not possible you
know you even when you're alone you
you'll think about it at some point err
which is fine I think people just need
to know that it's okay to feel emotions
we're not robots yeah I mean do you want
to ask me anything else while we're here
or say anything that you feel like you
haven't been able to say and I might say
something you don't have to I'm just
asking hope that you really do well in
school and not that you are going to but
like when I went to my orientation I
realized how many intelligent people
were there
and like for once in my life I was
intimidated by the people because in our
high school there were like less than
ten people that I considered smart so it
didn't really dissuade me or like
intimidate me but now that we're both
going to schools where there's gonna be
a lot of smart people I don't I hope
that that doesn't just wait you I hope
so too
I've thought about that but I think you
just kind of have to worry about like
what you're doing and not compare
yourself to other people but I think
we'll we'll be fine I worry about
Xiomara a little bit just because even
though she tells us that like she's
happy where she's going I feel like
she's not being 100% honest even with
herself but like she really has nothing
to
be excited about in my opinion because I
think she's like--she's she's gonna be
great and I think that again that has to
do with like self-confidence she doesn't
see what we see but like she's an
amazing person
and not just like personally but
academically and like socially I think
she'll be fine she just needs to like
kind of come into her own and like gain
more confidence grow a lot not sorry to
cut you off at a late time but it she's
gonna draw a lot of college and I can't
wait to see her blossom yeah guess so
let's try to do the thirty second thing
but not laugh right
I broke eye contact