I'm gonna have to answer questions okay
what do you remember about the first
time we met recuerdo cactus como va no
Kokomo only new case no sane and Elvia
Carol okay esta vez pasando por tu mente
Nintendo Akira lo que lo que su se va
pero no se I I remember the night before
I remember that I didn't want to go on
this medical mission at all but someone
ended up convincing me and birthing it
was just a longest night of my life and
I got up and we hold in a foreign
country I didn't know anything that was
going on and then we then we took a bus
for like three hours to a remote city
called Puebla and I remember getting off
the bus and we made a whole bunch of
people and and I remember seeing you
about 30 feet and you were standing
standing at the door and I distinctly
remember that moment because I knew
something had changed and for some
reason I was very intimidated that why
you that's what it was so incredibly
intimidated by you actually thought you
were the boss or something like that I
remember that a couple were friends were
introducing each other and they were
introducing all the doctors in the
mission and you know they introduced you
and they introduced me and I was on the
other side of the circle and it wasn't
until one of our common friends was like
oh here you guys should meet each other
you stated your name and then you left
and then ten minutes later actually for
your name again and you thought it was
amazingly rude but I was I was I just
had ended an engagement like a year a
couple months before and I was bitter
and angry and I didn't want to meet
anyone and but I met you and I felt so
intimidated I felt like something had
happened something had changed so I
don't know if you want to count it the
official first time we met or oh I
remember that day we didn't even
exchange numbers or anything like that
right we just parted ways and I was
hanging out with some friends a week
afterwards yeah beautiful but I don't
know I don't know if you remember this
but I know I have I have a picture I
remember the moment where we were
walking around and being tourists in
Mexico and missed a week after we first
met and this time we're actually
spending time together because there's
only six of us and you were walking on
the sidewalk and I was walking on the
side Oh
mind you I wasn't speaking to you though
at all like six people but I was
avoiding you
but I I went up to you and I was like
listen I just want to be your friend
just just don't fall in love with me and
that's when you say and and that's where
you had me I mean I think that's when I
was
like yeah there's something about this
girl I I am a fool naturally but I think
even my friends even even then they were
like what is wrong with you such an
idiot I was like I don't know what's
wrong with me
I mean and and now to think that it's
been four years right it's been it's
been four years since that moment and I
think it taught me how how in a moment
everything changes you understand I come
the one trip that I didn't want to go
like everything changed
yeah anything else and you distinctly
remember about that soul okay that's muy
extraño que cuando
piensas en nuestra bola es de koalas uno
de los momentos kato nunca a soul vida y
por que
can you answer that first yeah into that
first side that you enter that first
okay yeah you first what do I remember
about our wedding first of all I never
thought I was gonna get married like
I've kissed dating goodbye I was like
this is this I'm never gonna get married
and I'm just meeting you with a chance
and the fact that years later we were at
the altar one of the moments that I'll
I'll remember forever first of all I I
knew I was nervous obviously clearly I
was really nervous
we had a starter wedding three times
because of my nervous laughter you were
just like what's going on but there was
a point where at her wedding where my
parents never danced and it was the
first time my mom wore a dress then
there was a point that we were dancing
our first dance and I was dancing with
you and that song was playing fools rush
in and and I was holding you and and I
was looking at my dad and my mom they've
been together for like 30 years and my
dad was dancing with my mom and I was
dancing with you and I realized that
only was I married but I had done it
right
that yeah it took four years of us
dating thousands of miles around the
world long distance doing whatever we
had to do but it was a it was one of
those moments where I was looking across
I was looking at my parents I was like
looking at their example and realizing
that I was building that myself with you
and and that this was only the beginning
but I was able to see that I that that
we have a trajectory of people that that
really led by by example and how we can
do this oh my god you can't do this
forget statistics and it's not just hype
it's just a commitment and in the
understanding of the Covenant that we've
entered that we understand before
marriage and your mom was standing with
your brother and and I know your parents
together for like 40 years or more right
and it was like everyone everyone who
was leaving us a legacy was there and
was showing us that we could and I think
that's one of the moments that I
remember the most about our wedding
yeah I got mementos uno cuando una como
familiar cuando talita video kono Sara
me mama jag and I'll see taniwha ser la
ceremonia e yes I mean what was about
that moment porque como como we're
honest just families interaction are
they you know ii ocn nunca se mr. Ebell
Carini o con el que recibió to a bolita
mi mama yelling tereska tenia por mi
familia
Miami significant mucho este
segundo de nosotros hasting understand
was bailando he understand was when and
Oh porque lo mejor en la ceremonia con
dinero y OE e todo yo como que todavía
no madaba cuenta looking good yeah
scoffs yeah Cana Stan was my land oh
fuck come on
okay it's tough when say do a second I
will be that cuando Mike the planet okay
baby
for this is cool so English no no podía
Blackman mas and espanol oh my god yeah
I'm so glad just the same way we have
our relationship our wedding was a
reflection of that it was just so much
fun and our wedding was just you know
what made our wedding fun it was just
that everyone that loved us was there
everyone that believed in us everyone
that cheered us on everyone that I mean
everyone was there and by the end it
wasn't just like yeah they got married
but it was like yes four years got
married
boy grandma no it's so excited she could
yeah I love that woman
[Laughter]
when do you feel that you're closest to
me congresswoman around me muchas veces
is to police hablar de la muchas cosas
pero es como described en de Minas pero
cuando to Vascellaro funded ad como a lo
que realmente sientes lo que lo que es
agra situation T so sentir cuando
responder Alden a brace to Corazon de de
decir may Sasuke nice toy bien no me
siento bien
esto no Bobby a no esto y BN o realmente
snow moose and me see what's a como lo
profundo yeah describe ear miss act
amending a so can be a todo esto cambia
todo para me s cuando yo siento que so I
connect and o con tu it's so hard to get
there though I got it feel like actually
how you even feel like that's one of the
hardest parts about marriage cuz I have
three brothers and if were men we break
stuff we climb mountains okay at times
I'm on the phone and you think we're
fighting it's like no this is my brother
we just talk and and we never lived
together prior to the wedding so I'm
learning how to treat a woman that
you're a delicate soul that you want to
know the innermost things about my life
and me and she it's like it takes a
while I like for me it's not just like
oh let's open up a faucet and Floyd gate
of Tears it's just like you could of
peel the layers and I know it's been
four years and we talk and I feel close
but it's not like I could walk through
the door and just be like here's my
heart you know it's just like I gotta
settle down and if something's bothering
me I got to think
but it for a couple days and I got a
meditator that's so me absolutely but
when do I feel closest to you I I feel
closest to you here's one I feel closest
to you I feel like everything I've ever
wanted or I thought I ever wanted I had
I I wanted to go to college went to
college I wanted a doctorate ended up
becoming a doctor I wanted a post-grad
ended up going to Harvard I felt like
nothing was impossible I wanted to go
into consulting got into a top firm
nothing was impossible and then I think
there was a point where and this this
was happening when when we were living
we both lived in Mexico City you lived
in Pachuca and I was I was living in the
Four Seasons and I was staring out out
my window I mean I was thinking I got
everything I ever wanted but I don't
feel fulfilled I think it was it was
there that I started thinking more about
it however it was the beginning of our
relationship
I started thinking more about what I
what I wanted from life when it came to
a spouse no it was 27
I think after having all that and then I
felt like I lost it all and then we're
building it up again and I for some
reason I just feel closer to you when
you tell me you believe in me cus before
everything I wanted I I knew I could
work for and you I could get I knew I
could do it but I think I've lost some
of that along the way maybe it's life
maybe it's maturity maybe it's fear but
I feel closest to you when you tell me
you believe in me the truth is that's
really all I ever wanted in a spouse my
parents my brothers my family always
believed in me
not sure about people who I did it in
the past but I know for you that's what
made the difference you you stand apart
because you believe in me you actually
think I could do things things that
seemed impossible to me and then we
achieve them and then I'm just like okay
but I feel closest to you when when I
see a problem that to me it's huge and
to you it's like you can do it
and there the truth is for some reason I
kind of feel like I can and it's a
really cool feeling yeah it's a it's an
exceptional feeling honestly
Komodo cambiado desde la primera vez que
nós kono Simos e como tu te sientes
ultra specter how have you changed since
the first time we met and how do I feel
about it
oh my god you're a completely different
person in a great way no like you know
what's crazy i i i knew the person who i
was in love with but i think the person
who i was in love with us coming out now
like 'i like you've changed so much I
loved you when you were insecure when
you were trying to lose yeah remember
you made it a goal you lost like 60
pounds like you mean like you went after
every goal you were a completely
different person really insecure and I
think yours you were insecure and it
came out as mean towards me I knew who
you always were and and I loved you then
and I love you now more but this this is
who you really are
like like and this is cool and this is
my wife this is awesome because this
this is my wife yeah I totally forgot
the question that sounds like we know
right let's go me oh yeah okay
[Laughter]
mmm
in case cambiado well what have I
changed
okay epic wanna see us come here cheesy
no better right thing as Camille mochi
semen and sent it away instead they kept
a little welcome to character to
character say you know what you know my
fear me
they don't know no in uniform I mad I
see no come on come on uniform medulla
its come on ear christened in Mandarin
DoCoMo ass tomato conviction as mass
Profundis camasta Malo crisis mass
profundis ecomo come on so can be head
to toe toe toe toe toe area de trabajo
como cambia Nestor relation comb effect
a - familia in stay Eskimo ask Reseda
tanto como there's combat their new
numbering craving it's a novel test
combat terminal in Cleveland este mes
MSS until Musa guna medicine therapy a
mystical necessary muy orgulloso I
started to laugh thanks for saying it
honestly buddy probably tell we sweat
thank you
oh well was it two days two days ago
when you said that that I was a good
husband was two days ago
there you go like when you said that was
it I just know that you said you were
like hey I just want to let you know
that you're a good husband
I've been waiting here that forever
oh man I went I went into this marriage
and I knew it's gonna be tough and it's
tough but it's awesome but how it's just
so fearful failing and and to me
failures not even the divorce to me
failure is not making you happy
keeping up with my vows of of helping
you feel protected I loved and cared for
and nurtured and when you said Ramon
you're an excellent husband yes yes so
far so good and I think it's like
comments like that that really changed
my day changed my life I go to my dad
and I'm like dad she said I'm an
excellent husband because because I want
to be I want to be I want to be an
excellent husband you know I want to be
a great father I want to be the best
father in the world
like I want to be you know but I don't
care if anyone else tells me hey people
people can tell me stuff all the time
but they don't live with me they don't
wake up with me yes you do so when you
say it it it changes everything because
I know it's from someone that walks with
me and from someone that's just like
you have an accurate measurement you
have an accurate measurement
diannemurray that's a water I say that
right I love my Mexican Spanish that
doesn't exist but thank you thank you
for saying saying that you can tell me
all you want many more phrases like that
cuz they they really do propel me to be
to be that honestly to be an excellent
husband it's my turn what is your
favorite imperfection about me oh my god
this is such a tough button actually I
have a ton of them okay maybe wise about
how I answered this question I know
right perfection forward it that there
yo creo que la salle Govan EPCRA became
a host scalish stay calm ops SEO
compulsory no my usted how many fights
have we had about symmetry and you know
what you still do it
no any plan that I was interesting but
this morning when I went to the deck and
there's one yeah I just don't know just
put in the chair it makes them all look
symmetrical nope and whenever I see a
chair like but I think that's my wife my
wife was here so symmetry okay Karastan
and be so innocent pedo you know los
tengo para me lassie matrial or ro and
look looks avian that IPS completamente
no puesto younger Isis is come on ah
miss cossacks its thing you could get it
all okay
nothing perfection this is it like a
yo-yo okay they don't make you leave it
all I guess I'm man what's my favorite
imperfection of you I love your accent
when you try to speak English I love it
honestly I think everyone should have a
foreign white it just makes things fun I
just I love it I can hear it in other
conversations if you're talking other
people I'm like oh yeah that's my wife
but um you know what I really love it's
the confusion that it causes in between
us
because I ain't mind you I gotta be
careful about this because if I do it
too much it's gonna make you insecure so
but I love when you say some things or
it's like did she say that or is that
English mmm maybe I should tell her yeah
maybe I shouldn't tell her it's so funny
I don't know I I love that you have an
accent I love it Tony you're my little
Sofia Vergara
[Laughter]
why don't we skip that
is the que significa para team
matrimonio Feliz equal to P SS canis
Toma your obstacle Oh para llegar a
question what is what this
happily-married mean to you and what do
you think it's our greatest obstacle to
getting there to me being happily
married what does it mean to me and I'm
so glad we went through counseling
before marriage because it was there
that I learned how selfish I am and I
thought being happily married means
getting home there's food this is
awesome let's go out watch a movie but I
realized that my happiness now in a
marriage depends a lot on your happiness
so to me being happily married it's when
we're committed to making each other
happy it's when were like working to to
making sure that that I see that smile
in the morning in the afternoon and at
night to me being happily married means
how much can I give like yesterday we
had a question about we're talking about
sacrificing how much you're sacrificing
and and it's about making those
sacrifices and being happy about it
that's tough sometimes I just want to be
my mancave
and you're like oh let's watch a movie
that's been time as well yeah I'm just
like I'm tired I came from work we
didn't use but I know the only way that
I'm gonna have a happy marriage is by
giving and giving given to more our grid
is obstacle for me my greatest obstacle
to get towards getting there
this I just got to stop being selfish
it's about getting up and doing what I
don't want to do but doing what I have
to do just to be a man of God and to be
there for you you know and it constantly
reminded myself no like you don't live
alone now there's another person in the
house
you know I know and I think for me it's
just being conscious of how selfish can
be bad I mean lo que significa we
Stephanie's meant a casados yoga asana
no get to the Houston Eskimo
poder a certif Elise put ever for their
birthday contento satisfy chopped lenin
and matrimonio que no se como ah it's
not a tourist and efficiency but I mean
como que tu disfruta sister casado que
yo dis root test are Kassala para ESO
son matrimonio feliz he say que yo creo
que muchas Haines tell red or sempron me
on each okay oh yeah I met in matrimony
over tiempo difícil s yo a ver problema
Siva ver situaciones pero parte de you
matrimony Felicia's poder las resolver
yeah a poder estar bien yes entonces
Parham es parte de matrimonio Feliz next
oh my every obstacle Oh para llegar IE
joseon telecommunication que que vocês
como llevamos tanto tiempo que vemos
holt arrows independientes kiss me and
officially como lagari decir necesito
esto oke arrow esto solamente louis MO
creo que muchas veces el lo más
difícil OS paramos tell otra persona lo
Haga yoke a nice roast a Coulomb as
Randy barrows umbrella sonic a we say mo
Stevie dota2 tiempos antes que vamos a
hacer este perro yo SE que so super I
see see here they let you see a prey and
a coconut in a sec savvy the star casado
that's true very sure do you feel
do you feel that I'm committed to this
marriage
second this force as was Manticore in
matrimony sake a sacrifice that's not
what I asked you feel like I'm committed
do you think they said less and less
happy you know I'm asking another
question thank you
when I look in the mirror what do you
think is the first thing I criticize yes
do anything oh my god I put on a few
pounds since the wedding yeah Roberto lo
primero que pasa por tu mente quanto
pesos ganado quanto peso tienes que
perder stay we're assessing Camino it
doesn't coming no monsters in the fair
CEOs element on the TV aim is a look at
the in some people I gained 20 pounds in
like two or three months you know it's
crazy I would see you go to the gym
everyday like a gym rat you've got a gym
all the time
like oh hi you want to eat a brownie you
pie oh you to salad and I'm just like
what's wrong with me and yeah I think
the first thing I criticize decides yeah
it is this my I lost a lot of my
definition I don't want to get it back
I'm working towards getting it back
though this is why not part of me yeah
what do I think you criticize
when you look in the mirror
I don't know
you know what I've never heard I've
never seen you in the mirror and like
complain about something not that you
think you're perfect
but you're just like I just I've always
maybe this isn't my mind but I've always
seen ya just a very independent woman
you're wearing gym clothes you look in
the mirror they could point it too and
you're like out why do I think you
criticize Oh
your lips no no yes never move to sunny
Spain and oconee show it to your service
cigano superior peso so you got no
superior placement you look so much
better now
pero para es algo que no me gusta yeah
este trabajo stay aprendiendo do you
still think you're that person from the
past
no which is an Americano score mimi's
man you've kept the weight off for three
years now do you think you'll ever go
back to being that person
sped-up in them I'll still love you
anyway
oh okay one lesson DeLorean me k2 de
serie spoder sauna
physical let's talk about your knees
[Laughter]
what is the paining you but it's the
pain in me what pain in you I would like
to heal
not painting you I would like to you
you know this you know I like I can walk
into a room with you
and to me I'm like super proud like yeah
this is my wife right I think that
that's what happens for a guy it's like
you don't show your degree it's not like
you walk around what's up like that but
to me it's like this is my wife but to
you around a room full of people
especially people that I may know to you
it's like all your insecurities come
along and you're just like oh no I'm not
pretty enough I'm not and but those are
the that's the only time I hear it more
at home or anything that you're cool
we're walking around in the streets of
New York you're totally fine
but when we're in a room with people
that we might see again say you have
like this pain and I'm from I guess from
the past and and I see someone
completely different and I know those
are the days that I have to hold your
hand longer and tighter because if not
like it's like I I lose you
and in those insecurities like I
literally I'm like hey are you here
you're like yeah but you're like think
of something else so I try to hold your
hand and what I do it's like you come
back to me all sudden the room empties
up a bit
and it's you and me and we said I don't
know how long that's gonna last I don't
know and I don't know if every woman
goes through that I don't know how that
even works I don't know how long that's
gonna last
it's guy guess it's one of those
blessings and curses because I wanna I
don't ever want you to feel that way
but because you feel that way we can
connect anywhere when you're going
through that we can take some time apart
and just be like oh it's just us it's
okay and you're beautiful
they respond the lungs haha afraid what
are you gonna answer when it comes to
that what pain I see go for it see it
muchas veces que sientes get on Windows
7
yes II is it locally Sienna we'll keep
that yes we can not on Windows 7 I get
it no one was like giving he you know
what you're right you're completely
right
I've lost a lot of people I've lost a
ton of people
I even look at some pictures of the past
and I'm like these people aren't in my
life anymore
never significant and and I guess I I
grew not create expectations for people
coming and going
but you're staying and it's cool that
you are it's cool that you're my wife
all right well as I said you're that
look like you see I keep that yeah mix I
I think you know sometimes I even fear
that you would leave I feet I fear that
I don't express it but like I'm just so
used to people leaving only people that
really stay in my life for my family a
lot of my friends are just gone man
I I think I know I was the one that had
to learn and and I learned this from you
I mean I'm the guy with a million
friends but I had to learn how to pick
them and how to create great friendships
once that would stick along and I
remember at first you used to be like
why do you have so many friends people
and now all the time and then I was
always like why do you only have one
friend maybe three what's wrong with but
the ones that you have were just so
solid and I had to learn how to build
those kinds of friendships I'm still
learning but what's cool is the people
that are left from the past they're in
both of our lives
and I like that a lot and the people
that are coming into our lives now are
coming to our lives together and that's
cool and you're helping me choose my
friends wisely
what are you hesitant to tell me okay
okay did I'm you know to see it with me
okay anybody else goes but it is unless
Cossacks oh my god did you know so cheap
before the wedding yeah obviously yeah
we didn't say your siento que comprar
it's them I decide what are you nuts
with seven bucks you know I I I learned
from you though I I come suffering for
like we're so blessed I mean we are
we're incredibly blessed I mean great
jobs good good really good life I just
just think I just like to save and the
other day I remember the look he gave me
when I was like putting crazy-cool on my
shoe you're the only guy with a
six-figure salary who puts glue on your
shoes I was like probably so I was like
they got a couple miles on them still
okay you weren't too happy about that
thank you for teaching me because now
being cheap affects you I for me like I
can't keep anymore it's just like oh
like we're not gonna get Kia furniture
I like how you buy things once and you
buy them well and they last forever I'm
learning that
I think it that I mean everybody
hesitant to tell you
one of my hesitant to tell you
I know
my hesitant to tell you
I don't think much I just feel like I
just go to work and come back and the
things that I don't tell you it's like
us they don't cross my mind I really
feel like I'm pretty clear with you
that's how I feel what do you think I'm
hesitant to tell you oh my god yes oh
yes when I'm changing sides oh I totally
forgot about that oh yes oh oh yes okay
oh wow when I'm gonna change a plan and
I got to tell you you fear strikes me so
I'm like oh my god I'm changing plans
again see when I was single I could do
that all the time it's totally fine
we're now I'm gonna married it's like
yeah we're going to New York but now
we're going to Pennsylvania all right
yeah I'm very hesitant to tell you plan
changes mmm
get they will study at the Buddhist
cambiar than me Familia what I like for
you to change about your family what do
you wish you could change about no
answer that about my family first
you know you know how you call my family
like a mafia cuz it's like so many of
them I would what we're like I like to
change about your family
I just wish I know they have like jobs
and important jobs and they just have so
much going on but I and I told you this
even from when before we started dating
it's like I wouldn't date you I date
your family as well like to me like to
me my family's so important I just wish
they were more involved I think that's
what I wish I know I always ask you
about your
family your brothers and this and that I
just I just wish they were more involved
I wish that your mom will call me maybe
not as much time as my mom calls you but
I I just I I want I want your brothers
in in our kids life I want your sisters
I want them I want our kids to be able
to recognize your parents
I want them super involved and I know it
hasn't been that way even for you with
them for years it's a different dynamic
but they love you so much of it and they
love you in a different way and for me
it was so hard to comprehend I was like
that
that doesn't make sense you know love is
when we all get together you know but
there's there's one thing that at first
I was just like man this is this is all
something's off here but it was one New
Year's or that New Year's I think it was
first year of dating that I spent over
with your family and your brother who is
literally he's like super wild he
wouldn't leave till he gave your dad a
hug because he want to be the first one
to hug your dad after the New Year's or
something like that I guess it was a
tradition or something
it was NATO and mind it's like 2:00 in
the morning I'm half asleep right but I
was really impacted by that because I
realized how is it that you guys show
love and it's like maybe it's not just
all the time but when you do you do it
in a genuine way and that's that's cool
that's really really cool it's just
learning to identify those moments where
or it's like oh this is how they're
loving them do you agree you don't yeah
I like your family you know it's crazy
I've grown to love your family I've told
you this before right I like I've grown
to love and admire
one of them I think they're cool I think
I married the right person but I love
the family that I'm married to as well
and and it was I'd never thought that
was gonna happen I was always like no
this is my family people marry into my
family no like I think your family is
awesome and even like when you said all
my brother is gonna visit in November
I'm like God I'm gonna come sooner like
I've grown to love your family deeply I
said they're my own what about you what
do you think you wish you could change
about my family no why me siento como ya
Motoko me no kemuri are going to family
a lo mejor me da miedo cuando tengas
eCos como do you fear that when we have
kids are just gonna be like spending all
the time over our house no it's time we
see that a como ellos no so much yeah
not so not mi not deport errors we host
no Kate I mean me me me do you you
really feel loved by them duh at first
you just felt like weird what is up with
these people
economy family like está acostumbrado
sycamore no mija man oh my god yeah it
is awesome yeah that is that's exactly
how it is honestly I love my family
Phoebe and I think that's one of the
coolest things about the wedding that my
family was like all over your family
okay you guys welcome know where's the
rest
and then somehow my mom ended up getting
like your sisters number or something
like that and then they I'm like mom you
can't message them all the time
it's not cool I love that about my
family though I think my friends love
that too yeah once I stick around
there's just like get my fat actually
you noticed that it's like my friends go
on my family vacations with my family
it's like yeah I guess we're all family
I totally forgot you guys were there
what would make you leave me I say
si mucho tiempo y nom nom unica manera
que yo me voy de ser que to know me kisi
roz a to LA or you're stuck Thank You
honestly what would me you leave me what
would make me leave you I don't think
there's anything even if you tell me
that you're going I will chase you I am
committed to the end now you're like a
weird way but listen if if if one day I
find out something happened or I would I
would ask you on a date again I would I
would do whatever I have to do to bring
that I love back into our relationship
if I can't I'm sold out I'm committed
and I've shown you that throughout the
years no it's crazy though I never
thought I could be this committed I know
that even my foot even people are like
don't date Ramon yeah the guy you don't
want to date drops girls like flies but
with you it's been a thousand percent
and I'll continue to work on it and
there's there's nothing you could do or
say I feel like there's there's always a
chance
there's there's there's always something
that I can do always something that I
can say to bring you back to me
it's the kitty boy familiar to piensa
que yo quiero tener
[Laughter]
I think you want what kind of family do
you want I think I think you want a girl
and a boy I think you want you want more
than one and I think you want kids that
act like kids I just think you want kids
that act like kids and I know that for
example you fear being a mom you're like
are you're gonna be good mom I think
you're gonna be great mom but I think
you want a family that that acts like if
that is a family like like for me I'm
like I want super smart kids yeah set
him in school teaching this instrument
it's gonna be awesome and my mom's
always like my mom's like then you're
gonna have soldiers that's what you're
gonna have not kids like for me it's all
about discipline but I think for you
it's like you want a fun family and I
think that creates a balance in between
us where our kids are gonna be sharp
they're gonna be fun it's okay to play
with the water outside and play with
dirt you know and it's okay for them to
read and to grow in literature and I
think that's what you want as a family
right sorry you can't be also stay
absolutely
siento que que es algo en importante
para me can estrosi Jose Molina came
from nosotros que nuestros hijos JN
emeriti Eskimo nosotros when I miss what
I mean is being important enough for me
absolutely absolutely I definitely I
agree with you on that I think I want to
make sure that my kids understand who
God is in our lives and who God is in
their lives and for them to make their
own choices but to know that God always
loves them and believes in them and it's
rooting for them and I think the best
way to do that is by how we communicate
in our marriage I think that I think
that's gonna be a prime example the way
yeah yeah I hope our kids get to see and
a godly example in our marriage that
would be awesome
last question ha okay what do you wish
for us in the future and they don't have
you think really we all do until they
didn't mm audience member he said juntos
they tener una familia comedy history
we're dia pero sobre tow II no se ma hey
sir juntos embezzle juntos treasure hunt
totes yeah I agree I can't wait to wear
16 I'm holding your hand and we're
walking around and I know we always joke
around acting like we're old man and
making funny voices man yeah I agree
with you I want to have incredible
memories of things we overcame of fun
things we did of places we've lived of
people we've met
[Music]
oh man I can't wait I can't wait I can't
wait I can't wait to be 65 70 yeah
with a cane and and I'm bringing you
flowers and all right and I know I
surprise you in the back and give you a
kiss that's always that I can't wait all
right
mm-hmm burgum amis why do you love me
why do why do I love you
I love you I love you because of you I
just love you and and I I love you
because I feel that which I don't even
know what it's called
but I also love you because of the man
that you've made me cause thinking like
would I be without you my life I know it
would be much worse where and who and
yeah I got lucky enough and I got sent
to you I love you because I love you but
I continue to love you because of the
man who I continue to be yeah
I'm lucky to have you
why do you love me you're okay
Tiamo por que siempre poured it over to
Corazon I am proposing over two colossal
important