what do you remember about the first
time we met that was fun
yeah well from what I do remember of
that night it was at the Eagle it was
during the Halloween weekend and it was
the beginning of it because not that
many people are dressed up and of course
little me was completely dressed out a
nasty pig and I think I was wearing a
harness and some little shorts that's
all I remember
yeah but you've got like some weird like
pigs now around my neck okay that was it
that's what made it the pig and you were
I think you had flannel on or something
and I went with my friend Eric cuz we
were work neighbors and it was our first
time out I was trying to pay attention
to him but then I saw you and I was like
who is that man and he's like oh I know
him I was like then introduce us so uh
he somehow introduced us and we just hit
it off they were just drink all night
mm-hmm
okay I just want to see how you
remembered it that's all yeah I remember
that
and I just remember immediately being
attracted to you like I feel like you
yeah so I saw you with Eric and I I
think I remember coming out of the
bathroom or something is when I firm
ember seeing you but I just remember you
being in a harness dressed like super
eagle like everything out yeah like yeah
that was funny
I am I don't remember if I was dressed
up or not though cuz a part of me feels
like I was dressed up but then I can't
remember no you were just like was I no
human being
oh that's like the horror I wasn't
dressed up in like a Halloween costume
though no no I remember anything about
that no you were just in like a flannel
shirt oh okay well you don't get it what
it wasn't a costume okay I can't
remember that was unless you are a
lumberjack
maybe a lumberjack here's my costume
right okay yeah that's probably how I
remember it too
yeah yeah and it's funny knowing you now
and then thinking about that when you
just said like who's that introduce me
to him it's so funny now to think about
it on the other side of the fence almost
yeah cuz not knowing you then like I
don't know like how you are with your
friends and now you're like that with me
yeah so it's funny now because I can
totally see like the other side of that
fence like that's true the way that you
have your banter and stuff that's really
funny
I never thought of that before probably
went up to you like how's your night
going you having fun
I remember you being like pretty
aggressive yeah not like an abrasive way
just aggressive yeah so it's not
something I wanted what do you love
about me one your sense of humor
cuz I think it's pretty funny that we
can keep going off on little tangents
and those are always my favorite people
and - you're like really unaffected by
living in the city and being hmm I don't
know you're really genuine and really
warm yeah it's not like you're affected
by I guess what I'm in to say is like
you're not affected in the way like you
haven't been sort of I hate to say jaded
cuz I hate to use that word but you're
not like warped over by things like that
yeah as much as I wish you were like
more tough with boys sometimes I wish I
also loved that you're not because it
makes you so easy to relate to and stuff
that make sense yeah
how would you define our relationship I
would say at this current spot I can
tell you one of my best friends I could
go to you with any kind of question or
any story write anything in know you're
there to help me out
veer me in one direction or another yeah
and for the most part you're always
unbiased so that I feel like whatever
maybe I'll go to you okay
and I feel like there's never shame in
it either there's no judgment on either
part and it was the answer I don't want
to hear I still go to you and knowing
like it's something I need to hear so
yeah and I would say one of my best
friends right yeah
same teach again cool what is it about
me that makes you think I understand you
um I think there's a lot of things about
you even though there's not a lot of
like age difference I know we joke about
that a lot
[Laughter]
I feel like you understand me because a
lot of times I think there's a lot of
things that I see in myself and not to
say like oh like I saw that when I was
your age because I don't feel like that
consciously there's just a lot of things
and like your energy level and like the
things that you go for and you talk
about and like you've bounced around
about like there's a lot of those
instances where maybe I'm not as
enthusiastic about it now like let me go
out or we do things like I'm I'm more
boring now probably I want to stay home
and cook and drink wine I think be
really super old but I see a lot of the
things that you do in the way that I
used to be and more so and I love that I
think it's super like super fun I think
you understand me for a lot of those
reasons and it's kind of like in
specific instances where it's like you
and I may be not like the same times in
our life like I feel like there's a lot
of times when we talk that I feel like
I'm in a different place in my life than
you are but I always feel like there's
like a it's weird like at 25 or 26 like
I was doing what you're doing and to me
that feels very familiar familiar and
very like it makes like a bond for me I
guess is kind of how I always feel like
you understand me I think our
personalities are very like romantic and
kind and like you know not to just like
say all the great things about us okay
like you have a you have like a big soft
side and I think I mean I know I do too
and I think that makes me always feel
like you understand me as much as we
have this exterior that we both
similarly like like to portray and like
want to sort of seem out really like
you're really warm and you have like
this big family gushy side and you know
all that sort of thing and I have all
those types of aspects and I think that
just from the beginning even when we
were dating like makes me always feel
like you understand me or you understand
where I'm coming from because you're
close with your family and I don't know
there's like a million reasons I guess
when I really start to think about it of
the things that we were late on and
which I always think that you understand
where I'm coming from when we talk about
things and just any instance of like you
know whether it's like a problem or that
something we're excited for like a new
boy a new job like all these different
types of things so yeah I would say
that's why yeah okay it's my turn right
yeah okay what are you hesitant to tell
me
now is not the time to be hesitant I
[Laughter]
feel like we've been pretty honest all
the time yeah mm I feel like when we
first broke up I was hesitant I'm
telling you how much I care for you
still and it took me a while to like get
over that like even when we were saying
we were just friends I still like how to
hope that's something one change okay
and I think that's why I'm always on you
with Jaime and how I felt like you need
to let him go because I feel like I was
in that spot and it took me so long and
I was so emotionally attached where I
you were in that spot with me yeah so
like I see how Jaime is with you how I
used to be with you and it's like that
little that you give he he's gonna think
it's so much more and that's why I'm
like he just needed what that be for a
bit mmm because it took me a while and
now like I just he has an amazing friend
yeah it took me that time yeah I mean I
remember I distinctly remember you
telling me that there was definitely
like aspects of that where I was like an
asshole and yeah like it almost took
that to make you step away and like
where we didn't talk for a while yeah
and that moment where I could step away
it's what I need it yeah because I was
like oh no this guy's a dick Oh like I
don't deal with him yeah
because I felt like you weren't
respecting me because which is probably
true yeah I mean and it was I mean true
haribol probably no it was but it
happens like it's about timing and I
feel like we say that all the time but
it is like we weren't in the right time
frame and then we just were on similar
different paths at that moment that's
true so I feel like that's why I'm
always on you with
or it's like just let it be for a little
while you know because you're not a dick
room you just don't know sometimes want
that cake and eat it too much we all do
so I'm no perfect angel yeah but yeah I
feel like I was a little more hesitant
than to let you know how I truly felt
okay that makes sense I guess I mean I
think like think I mean at the time it
definitely felt there's like a lot of
things but it was one of those like walk
away from it like there was several
times where I felt like we kept trying
and like it just never fit or like
things kept fucking up and it didn't I
mean we had like an around Valentine's
Day
that was like one situation that I
always remembered really where did we go
we went to that Italian place right next
to your place oh yeah yeah and then the
Japanese yeah at the end of the street
yeah no I didn't go out on Valentine's
and we're like we go that to the
restaurant and we're sitting down and
you're like why this is so busy and I'm
like uh it's Valentine's and you're like
oh that's right I'm in the back of my
head I'm like oh you know what they hang
out on this day but this was now it's
I'm starting to remember that I don't
know was a year after we met okay so we
met huh data jobs you just met hi May
you guys were like on a break that week
okay so we decided to grab genomic gun
off again yeah okay yeah is that when we
started being friends though we were
trying to be okay and what did I heard
that I was like oh maybe there's hope oh
we're having a Valentine's dinner
together and then you were a dick kind
of like gotta go because then I realized
and I was still seeing it yeah okay
that's right yeah I can't believe how
long that's been some hangout and I
think about it feels like agency also
that I've we have been seeing him off
and on and then also how are they called
the series of events have gotten yeah I
know what time it's just
say all right is it your turn I keep
losing track yeah tell me about the time
I disappointed you and how do you feel
about it now you disappointed me are you
cold
no that's okay no I'm okay I promise
they get the time that you disappointed
me I can't really remember a time where
I feel like let down by you at all I
think like through through everything I
don't ever feel like I was like let down
by you I remember being in my car the
day that you called me to ask me some
advice about a project that you were
thinking about doing and I remember that
made my wheels turn but I never felt let
down and disappointed him not like ever
it definitely like I told you in the car
over here like it made me really like
think about things a lot more and like I
didn't want to judge or like have any
type of feeling and that sort of sense
but it made me sorry I'm not looking at
you I'm like I never felt like
disappointed or anything it was just one
of those things where I was really
really concerned because I really didn't
want to see you go down a road that like
was an immediate gratification of you
know making money or having fun or like
attention or any of those types of
reasons because I know those things were
like you know at certain times in our
lives those are really really appealing
and I didn't want that to be something
that like fueled the fire for you to
keep doing those types of things so I
was like really really concerned but I'd
never at the point where I felt let down
or like disappointed or anything so
that's good yeah
what made you want to come back into my
life well initially it was clear that I
was hoping for more okay but after the I
guess second breakup I don't know how
our paths crossed again either one tests
each other or we saw each other at the
bar whatever me when you were just
talking about the Valentine's Day that's
exactly what I was trying to think - it
was like how do how did this act yeah
how did it come back together yeah I
don't know do you I don't remember yeah
I don't remember but whatever it may be
yeah I think cuz when we came when we
came back it was like definitely as a
friendship yeah there was like no
question about it right and I didn't
even feel slightly uncomfortable about
that this was a good feeling
mm-hmm but whatever it may be I feel
like the universe for some reason made
our paths cross again and I knew in the
back of my mind that you were an amazing
person
and regardless if I was gonna be
romantic or a friendship photonic I want
to you to be around for whatever it may
be
yeah so I want to at least be around me
a little more to see what kind of
dynamic we would share and I'm glad I
did because now we have this great bond
and I can imagine having you in my life
no we're done the Stars knew what they
were doing why are you why are you
maintaining this friendship I get a lot
out of it and it's a lot of fun it's
probably one of the most like rewarding
friendships in terms of like seeing it
grow from meeting you like romantically
and then things sort of dating falling
apart like looking back feeling like I
was an asshole and feeling like I could
have easily like never seen you again
and being the one to look back and think
like wow like most people would have
just moved on and
you would have never seen them again
because there's a lot of relationships
that I've I mean I've had a lot of
relationships where you have like in my
mind I call it like the fucked up
friendship we're like you were either
sleeping together or your boyfriends and
like you're always kind of like
flirtatious like fuck friends yeah so
that your dynamic is always like rooted
and flirtation or it's rooted in hooking
up or like whatever those things are
because of I mean I'm sure you know you
do too like I've had lots of those
friends and they're like all based in
like what was initially something
romantic but our friendship was really
different in like it's moved past like
any of those stages and we never even
really had like a weird friendship like
what are we are we hooking up are we not
like we never really had that phase like
maybe like one night that I can remember
but it moved past all that and then it
moved into a friendship that's like
progressing even more we're like we're
doing life cycle together this year and
like all these things that I don't know
there's really important to me and
they're really like it's just amazing
because I don't know I know that I have
other friends that I've progressed and
that sort of sense but it's just really
interesting because our dynamic has
changed like several times I feel like
and it's continued to grow and I feel
like with that it's like stronger and
stronger every time and it's just like I
can be more not that I've like never
been real with you but it's like there's
nothing that I can say or be or any of
those types of things like even if it's
you know like if we're aggregating or
whatever like it's never one of those
things where I feel like it's gonna
change something or I have to like watch
myself with yeah so I don't know and I
just feel like more than anything like
we laugh a lot
um so yeah not to sound selfish but like
I get a lot out of it and it's fun yeah
there you go
all about the progression with that yeah
long span I guess it's the way I think
of it even though it hasn't been that
many years that we've come so far and
like through at times where I would
think like just forget it I mean and now
it's funny because there's like I'm much
choosier about who I put work into with
like relationships and meeting people
and all that type of stuff and I used to
be like putting work into everything I
feel like and now I'm much more like
reserved and friendships relationships
like people I meet like any of those
types of things and it's like I guess
I'm just becoming choosier in that sense
and it's nice that I feel like I put in
work and then the same thing as like
brought on from your side so I never
feel like I'm like you know god I wish
she would like plans up there I wish
this or that like I never think that
stuff with you so it's really nice your
turn what do you think I'm searching for
in a partner
I think you're searching for the one but
I think you want someone that you're
gonna build I think this is something
that I'm probably answering myself as
well because I think that you and I have
it very similar in this aspect where
you're looking for somebody that's gonna
be your best friend for like the rest of
your life to have adventures with and be
your buddy and like do all these things
and see all these things and like I
think you want that type of relationship
and you're super romantic and super
sweet and warm and you want a family and
all those types of things
physically I don't know ranges so I
can't describe any type of physicality
because it's pretty very heat sure but
yeah yeah I think more in terms of like
what you're looking for in somebody
that's what I would see yeah
so yeah does that answer your question I
think so
okay I mean the best I probably could
even answer it okay yeah I don't know
what he's gonna look like but yeah you
have a wide reality that's not attic
will probably be just like that yeah
yeah I think it's gonna happen which I
think this is maybe just my own opinion
but I think it's gonna happen later than
we would all love but I think it's there
yeah yeah what is preventing me from
happiness / becoming the man I want to
be
I think in your career you're doing an
amazing job and you're very determined
and set and you know what you want so
it's happening in your relationship I
feel that you're still very hesitant on
yourself in a sense that you don't see
your true beauty where like I see you as
a some amazing man that's one physically
attractive emotionally interactive and
like courage event and anyone would be
lucky to have you and I don't think you
see that in yourself okay I think you
don't think I think kind of emotional I
think you still doubt yourself and you
put yourself down a lot and you and I
know I do it yeah I'm not saying like
it's not a norm you know humans do it
yeah but I just wish you did it and I
wish you saw yourself in my sight
because if he did you would just
flourish oh well and that man would
notice it and come to you and you don't
need a chase anyone let them chase you
because you deserve to be chased so ya
realize your beauty okay that's really
sweet
all right what do you wish you could
have changed about me during our
relationship in order to make it work my
turn
it was yeah oh but we'll both answer do
you want to answer it you would ask me
[Music]
now that I look at it nothing because I
feel that at the end of the day we
wouldn't have worked okay I was just I
was like yeah I feel like I want to add
to this question because then I want to
know that as well okay I don't know why
we want it because I love you so much
but something in me is saying that it
just wouldn't have happened
yeah I think we've worked better as an
amazing friendship I don't know why cuz
I feel like it's actually we were well
mm-hmm and clearly that's important to
me that works but do you think you I
mean yeah they're like that's what I
would have changed okay if it would have
continued for two years five years X
amount of years whatever maybe it would
have been the timing yeah and that would
have been nice to both have been in
similar paths at the same time to have
dated younger and getting that
relationship to see you in more of that
light mm-hmm
that wouldn't have fun but now I'm glad
I worked out the way it did yeah but
yeah if I would have changed something
at that time it would have been that
having you in the mindset where you
still want I feel like you were affected
by previous relationships I was just
gonna say the same thing
and especially with Craig I felt like
you were really affected by Craig still
I was really a fan and I at the time I
thought I was okay and every time it
happened I think that's why it was like
years I mean literally like thinking
back it was like a couple years that it
came to get over it and maybe it's
because I kept jumping in and out of
things but I definitely I definitely saw
that as like what I did with you right
like jumped in it realized that you were
in it at a different place than I was
and then like I jumped back out of it
and I did that to several guys which is
the shitty thing to do and it's
something that I don't want to repeat
again but and it like that's exactly
what I was gonna say would be like I
remember that about myself more than
anything it's like two different places
and my mindset was not there which what
did everything that had happened and
like where I was at and like I wanted it
but then you you can't like want things
to happen that aren't ready to happen or
that you're not ready at work but yeah I
feel like I'm still we're like just you
weren't ready yeah like you didn't
realize it until it was blatantly out
there that I was ready yeah and it was
like oh kind of stuff yeah yeah yeah and
I feel like now you're I have hailed
from it from what has happened since
with him and you know that you've been
able to just let it go
yeah I'm most part oh yeah we haven't
talked too much about it but no I would
I mean like there's been so many phases
and stuff and like I'd let it go and
then there was like the resurfacing of a
friendship and then like when that's
what I went to shit I I like I remember
getting the text message from him and it
was just like I felt so indifferent
about it and I just felt so why do I
even bother like yeah I'm tired of
thinking about you and
it's been it's been good yeah enough
like and it was I felt good going back
and having a friendship with him and I
thought that was like the answer but
it's so weird how it all came back to
yet again like okay okay okay and then
he again from my part like feeling like
he just like bailed again and I feel
like he always will he maybe he will I
don't know I mean I don't like to think
about that but for me he did and it was
one of those things where it's like I
still see that affecting because I worry
I think with doubting myself you were
saying earlier like I always worry that
now I'm like the walkaway Joe in
relationships and stuff we're like I go
into it and then I get like I sometimes
still question whether I have that
behavior and if it's like a learned
behavior from like the time that you and
I dated where I was I was doing that
really hard but then I mean I've been
like bouncing in and out of dating Jaime
ever since then and yeah you know those
types of things so it's funny the other
day when you text me that's exactly like
what I started like reflecting on like
the past three days it's like what the
fuck do you want yeah and go with it
because it's totally the thing that I
always like make a decision and I wonder
whether the grass is greener again and I
was talking to my sister about this and
she's like I've never been that way like
made a decision and I go with it I never
looked back I never questioned my
decisions and I was like I don't with
work but I do with my personal life like
2,000 percent with all of the things
that I do I'm just it's so weird I don't
know what it is is it because you feel
like there's gonna be a better option
you know I hate people like that do that
kind of thing because I feel like that's
such an I mean I hate to say like oh
that's such an LA thing but moving here
and living here for ten years like
that's a very very big dynamic with
people here and
there's a lot of options it's a lot of
options and I think there's also that
mentality of like you know there's
always gonna be like something better to
do something better that's gonna come
along and like I I don't have that
problem like with plans and friends and
any of those types of things and I
honestly don't feel like I do that with
people I just think that sometimes I
think sometimes I have unrealistic
standards with certain things because I
know that I'm like kind of high
maintenance and like there's those
living standards and then there's like
standards and I feel like maybe don't
have unrealistic standards on people
okay sometimes I worry that I do just
because I know that I have really high
like expectations and people but I think
that if you're gonna deliver to someone
you shouldn't get it back in return and
that's why I think clearly if a one
person understands you they're gonna be
more okay wait I don't know but I guess
that's why I always fear that I like you
know bounce back and forth and those
types of things we've gotten like a long
way off this question okay is it my turn
or eternity so it was supposed to be
mine so why don't you take this one okay
okay and that will be back on path all
right what's
[Music]
oh sorry I was really configure out what
I thought this was like an abbreviated
letter what's the pain in me you'd like
to heal
I think we've somewhat covered it but
it's you just not realizing your own
beauty you you realize in just what how
much you're gonna offer in a man mm-hmm
and how you need to realize that you
deserve the same in return I thought
that you still in the back your mind
fear that the skies you're not enough
with everybody mm-hmm everyone I just
think I don't always I mean I know I
don't like consciously think that I know
I consciously thought that when I was
seeing Matt over the summer
I know I thought that a lot yeah and I
don't typically think that like
consciously and I think that was the
most recent one and that's why I I still
think that mmm is because what Matt you
were perfect for him and he didn't
realize that and it's all about timing
yeah and I feel like you see that
relationship as a down part on you when
it was all in his court of why it didn't
work out so you put a lot of energy into
that one yeah even if it was somewhat
short term but I knew I affected you a
good amount and that sucks no it does
yeah a relationship affects you and then
negative like yeah I think it sucks I
mean where it's right now I guess it
just sucks cuz I was really hoping that
it would be like a return to a
friendship or some sort of like a
snowball into a back to friends even you
know we were
was always a little yeah flirtatious but
yeah yeah because he looked he was a
good guy but he just wasn't in the
correct mindset yeah and I mean I told
me like still hoping that it was gonna
change but I just was too soon
definitely I guess that's where my hope
comes from now we're like I wish we
could have just have a good friendship
but it doesn't feel like we do and it
probably won't be that way cuz I don't
think he's the type of man that can do
that or at least no right now I don't
know but you need to stop thinking it's
something you've done or it's something
about you it's the reason why it it's
not happening fair enough okay what do
you love about me that I don't see with
myself I feel like there's a couple of
things you don't see I mean one I
definitely don't think that you realize
that you look really good cuz you always
say that you want to be like this or
that or the other things and like I
think you look really good
I mean we spend all summer at the beach
together running around in speedos so I
think you look pretty damn good Michael
um I wish you realized that thank you I
think that I think that you probably
don't give yourself enough credit for
how far you've come in a really short I
would say like a year year and a half I
think that you've progressed and made a
lot of changes and like done a lot of
things to change your life you know like
moving into the city officially getting
a job doing all the things that you're
doing right now sometimes I feel like
you cut that short and you don't
necessarily give yourself enough credit
for that and I'm guilty of it too so I
can relate I mean I I feel like I relate
to a lot of those things but
I think that your motivation and your
constant need to look forward is
something that's really attractive
because you're really really
goal-oriented and you're always
concerned about like well this is great
but this is only gonna be great for six
weeks or six months or three months or
whatever it is that you you know set for
yourself and I think that's really
attractive but at the same time I don't
think that you give yourself enough
credit for like being on your own living
you know moving down here and just sort
of like setting up a new life for
yourself even though it's you know an
hour and a half to your parents house or
whatever it is but living here and
living there is like two different
worlds and the way of life is so
different and you know I think that
that's like a big step and I mean it
that's been a really long time for me
since I've done that and I thinking back
about how I did it I think it's it's
brave when people do that I think it's
really exciting and stuff and I think
that's definitely one of the things that
I loved when you just sort of like
kick-started your motivation and like
you quit Apple and you changed
everything and you were ready to make a
difference and I don't know I loved that
as much as I didn't love going around to
bars getting applications and I was like
on a cleanse or like not drinking that
weekend we have to go to Sunday beer bus
I have to look for the manager okay
fucking cleanse this weekender why am I
not drinking right now
could have changed sure I'll go with you
but I'm glad you hustled and that's nice
but I do think that you should give
yourself a little bit more credit for
that stuff
who loves whom more I don't I don't
think there's like a I mean for me I
really don't think so yeah because I
hear from you just as much as I like you
know yeah I like send you things or talk
to you and plan things and do stuff like
I get just as much stuff back from you
as I feel like I put out so if it were
like you know I was constantly texting
you or seeing if you wanted to do stuff
then I would clearly say I do but I
don't I get lots of stuff from you so I
don't know I feel loved yeah me too in
this time definitely it's even good
point good yeah house again well what
was it about a relationship that didn't
work what didn't work was me and at the
time like you know I'm not gonna lie it
was hard to think about dating someone
who lived farther away like you know you
lived quite a bit away our lives were
really different is when I got to know
you as well and for me that was
different because I was used to having a
boyfriend who had his own place who I
could go and I mean my relationship with
him was three years and it was
constantly like spending the night at
each others house like all the time we
had that relationship where it was like
five nights six nights a week and we
didn't really sleep apart unless we were
mad at each other or something so I was
used to that and that was really hard to
think about like getting into a
relationship with somebody who lives at
home you know works like I hate to say
like you had like a suburban type type
of life but like you kind of did in the
way where you you lived farther out and
then you worked in Pasadena so it was
you know that type of lifestyle we have
to take advantage of like when you're
here and I just
I wasn't used to that and I wasn't ready
for that and not to say that that was
the kicker cuz that wasn't the kicker
that was just something that I had to
think about in process and I had to ask
myself if I was okay with those types of
things
but ultimately it was me I mean I was
still pretty fucked up and just in a
weird place and in a place where I was
like wanting to try and you know
obviously really attracted to you and
all those types of things but I just I
wasn't ready for it yeah so I mean that
more than anything
dynamic wise yes it was different but as
far as all the things that you're like
willing to put into it and I'll like
what was there it was it was good you
know oh it is really taking turns oh
[Laughter]
this is funny do you think we'll ever
get back together why or why not
I don't think we'll ever get back
together really no I'm just kidding okay
yeah I think why not
we're just at such a strong platonic
friendship now that I couldn't see that
changing even though I'm like drunk
nights I don't see us ever like
stumbling in bed with each other and
yeah wait you know they'd be like huh
well that happens yeah not that I'm not
physically attracted to you I think
you're very attractive
yes just now that the bond that we hold
within one another just doesn't allow
that yeah in a sense that's good I mean
I guess he is doing like group stuff
[Laughter]
definitely not what it makes the
relation
[Laughter]
that now I can't see it anything
physically going down and I feel like
okay that part needs to be there yeah
for a relationship to build yeah cuz I
think if we started going down that road
or if we went down that road then it
would I mean for me like yeah I sort of
I feel the same way I think that if we I
think if it happened once it might not
make things weird but I think if it
happened or it kept happening it would
definitely cause a lot of problems and
for me I'm so happy with everything's
that it's worth it to stay out of that
yeah yeah I think I wouldn't want to
mess anything up yeah okay oh my gosh
even remember do you believe that I was
emotionally present in our relationship
and am I now I definitely think that you
were I think that you're more so now but
I think we're also older and wiser and I
think that we've learned a lot like both
from each other and from our life
experiences that we've had I think
there's a lot that's changed in both our
lives in the past like three years yeah
the has made a big difference so I feel
like I want to say that you're more
present now but I think you were really
attentive and really present then you
made a big effort and you were always
there I never felt like I was like
waiting around on you or wishing or any
of those types of things from you at the
time I think it's just the progression
that makes me want to say that more so
now yeah but it's also grown into a lot
more sure so yeah it's kind of different
now I guess
what did I give you that none of your
other partners did one of the best
friendships I could have asked for I
haven't I want to consider many being an
ex-boyfriend mm-hmm and I feel like even
our relationship was so small I don't
know if that would have been considered
but our relationship wise I feel like
you've given me that and it's probably
one of the best gifts I feel like anyone
could give anyone else yeah and that is
like a true friendship that I feel like
we'll grow old together and enjoy that
and so for me I totally see that
getting brunch all the time my partner
is there like all hanging out yes like
enjoying life and being outdoors all the
time and I feel like with others that
wouldn't it's not even a thought in my
head yeah but with you yeah good yeah
it's probably the best thing mm-hmm do
you regret the way things ended I don't
ever like to say that I regrets any I
don't like to say that I regret anything
I think things happen and I think now
how things have turned out it maybe was
good hearing from what you've said not
just today but like before when you said
the way that things happened made me do
this this and this and I sometimes think
like our friendship might not be the
same if things happen differently yeah
so I don't personally I just have that
like sort of life belief that I don't
like to mess with things like I don't
like to wish that I would change certain
things like that even though I do
question a lot of decisions like I said
or like wonder if the grass is greener
on the other side I don't look back at
that type of decision and wish that I
could change it yeah I mean I'm sure I
could have been a lot nicer I could have
been more vocal and more upfront and
handled things differently and obviously
I think that's always something that can
be better but I learned from it and I've
definitely learned from you telling me
that and taking that into consideration
when I've dated
people or just even like talk to their
guys and just try to be as I've gotten
older and do those things like take all
that into consideration and know like
when I should be blunt and honest and
also know when to just be polite and
upfront I think it's helped me in quite
a bit like just being able to talk to
you about it because I've never had that
I mean I've had that but not in the same
sense where I can take someone's advice
and really like soak it up because it's
coming from like a place of friendship
and a place where it's like really
secure in our friendship and
relationship now what did you learn from
our relationship that's preparing you
for the next one
about your mumbling I feel like it
taught me to be honest my company
thereon that's about like on both sides
good hope for them to be honest with me
about how they're feeling and me to be
honest with them and it's funny like
when we talk about our relationship we
always say how you just weren't ready
and I feel like I've met guys when I
wasn't ready afterwards yeah and even to
like today when I feel like I am
mentally ready for a relationship mm-hmm
sometimes I'm not
yawns even if I'm dating a great guy I
still am a little hesitant on letting
them know mm-hmm knowing how much it
hurts at the end of the day to then find
out weeks later yeah so do you realize
that you're not ready after you were
dating them or realize that when you are
dating them both okay yeah and if it's
Darien I tried my best to be upfront
good but it's hard it's hard to tell
someone like hey it's not gonna happen
or hey this is not working because of a
B and C well you always come across
looking a little bit like a jerk when
you just especially via text because
everything is text but you're like hey
why were you honest but
at the end of the day it's like why do
they have to tell me that yeah uh it's
catch-22 I guess yeah what do you most
admire about me um I most admire like
your warm romantic outlook it's really
really nice it's really unusual too
because I it's something that I wish
that I could find in a guy like that I
want to eventually you spend my life
with and it's nice to have friends like
that just because I think again like you
understand me I understand where I'm
coming from a lot of times and it's nice
that you know when we talk about like oh
like where you gonna take this guy or
like what are you gonna do on this date
and stuff like a lot of the things we
talk about are so similar and like the
things that we would like to do yeah so
it's nice to bounce ideas and talk about
that with somebody who gets it versus a
friend who's not really romantic or not
have that outlook that they don't really
appreciate those things because I think
even as a friendship like cooking dinner
and hanging out at home and just like
drinking wine and catching up you
appreciate a lot of those things and I
think that comes from your mentality and
the way that you are and sort of that
warm romantic type of guy and not other
friends not all of my other friends are
like that in that mentality or that
sense and I mean everybody's different
you appreciate everybody differently but
that's just something that I love I love
a lot about you
that's something that we just want to
ask do you have any I don't know I don't
think of anything you have no because we
talk so horribly blunt and really open
about stuff cuz I don't look back at
like anything and like have a lot of
questions per se