ready when was the moment you knew you
loved me at the time I don't think that
I was like I love him per se but now in
retrospect the moment when I knew that
you were a keeper was when I had my
seizure and the way that you responded
to it
why do you remember it every single
thing I told you what to do and the fact
that you like we had only been dating
for like two months and you stayed
totally calm and you carried me into the
bathtub and like washed off my leg
bleeding wounds cuz I hit the wall
remember watching friends and you know a
first date in your place and you carried
me into bed and you let me sleep
afterwards and you did I don't know
watch TV and then I was like I'm gonna
have sex with this guy that's pretty
soon after we met that's like three
months after that even is a good bar no
that's really the first time when I was
like this is a priceless like one in a
million kind of person for sure that's a
great thing what do you remember about
the first time that we met I remember
being nervous to meet you because I met
you online and being like I don't know
who this guy is
and all I know that he once sweet so I
hope this works out
when I first saw you I remember being
like whoa he's so much taller than I
thought he was and that's coming from
someone who's 6:30 and
member seeing your eyes and being like
they're crazy piercing blue which is
something that I love but I did wish it
you were blond did you like me I I did
like you but you didn't pay any
attention to me because you were only
paying attention to Jess I know but I
didn't know that I didn't know you so
you were just like talking to her and I
was like my part of this hello hi it
wasn't until we were in that room in the
in the museum when we were watching the
short film by Murakami we were like
sitting down next to each other in the
dark that was like the first second when
I was like holy shit I'm on a date with
a guy usually this is my first
impression of you it was just a holy
shit he's so skinny that was like
immediately because you had on the short
above-knee seersucker shorts on that
wasn't like a family crap well I didn't
so depressed Oh like a year and a half
so I hadn't eaten anything for No
a year before you saw me yeah that
Nicole Richie moment that's okay thank
you honey
yeah through our time of being together
what event or memory has made you love
me more
I think it was probably that time when
we came back from Evans house we were in
the car and I was like crazy depressed
and you played that Sam Smith song you
were like this is the song that I
listened to and this is like how I feel
about what you're going through right
now make it to me
yeah and I had never heard the song
before and you're like listen to lyrics
like this is what I wish I could say but
I don't know how to say or how to
articulate by far the most romantic
moment of my whole life
even though we were just in the front
seat of your car parked in front of a
dumpster like with Boston rats running
around no and but by far most romantic
moment no question no question that's
when I was like holy shit he's not
leaving me this is real well I really
didn't know how to help you and we were
in couples therapy and I like had to
like step away and be like okay I can't
help you through this mm-hmm which is
but the point was that you were willing
to wait you were like take your time
keep your head up and make it to me
and I was like I don't know that was
like an unfathomable kind of emotional
gift like an offering from somebody I
certainly didn't think I was ever gonna
get in my life and so it was a real yeah
that's the moment
what are your three favorite memories
that we've shared three favorite
memories that's whatever jumps out is
probably the right warrior just so many
memories in seven years okay
the first one that comes to mind is
being on the plane and moving from LA to
Boston and I like knowing that we have
like fights suitcases and that we don't
have a place to live and we both have
never even been to Boston or
Massachusetts for that matter and that I
was like and I just looked over at you
and I was like wow he's like committed
to moving someplace that we've never
been and that was just really fun for me
it was frightening but definitely
memorable fun second one was probably MX
boyfriend jealous I was like it wasn't
my boyfriend well he was your boyfriend
for like a month
it was like an infatuation okay you
called him your ex-boyfriend because I
was crazy and stupid whatever the title
mate okay the point um I just thought it
was fun that you wanted me to like be
that guy and I was so scared to ask you
remember in the car I was like oh by the
way there's a party I'm going to would
you move I'm so nervous and and just
kind of like showing him showing off and
he was like you know of course this
sounds great well I thought awesome like
this guy thinks I'm hot enough to like
show up this guy over here
so well not just a hot like awesome -
it's gonna be like the best person at
the party and I get to walk in with him
so third one is for sure going to the
Coldplay concert that was insane that
was amazing and I really thought that
like because we had the seats all the
way in the back
thought it was gonna said it was just
gonna be horrible and it was the perfect
seating right there in the front
all those lasers and my favorite band
all those well there's some lasers and
life and Coldplay and it was perfect it
was perfect I cried I laughed it was
okay that's it okay when do you feel
closest to me
I think oddly enough when we're not
together but I mean like when we're in
the house like if we're just at home we
don't have to be interacting with each
other but just knowingly or in another
room when you're doing your thing I'm
doing my thing but this is what this is
the life that we've made for ourselves
this is what makes us happy were the
kind of people who we don't have to be
inundated with the other person's energy
like constantly that kind of easygoing
flow of like wow I have a real normal
life that's when I feel closest to you
for sure just being able to know that
we're normal and no expectations of any
kind of performance they're having to
impressi or anything like that you
always feel I need to impress me is that
a bad thing
I guess not you get fun perform be
exhausting I find it exhausting for you
I'm so used to it with everything in my
life what are you hesitant to tell me
I'm hesitant to tell you anything that I
feel like would disappoint you because
because even though we're married and
it's a little bit different now that we
are married but I guess before I just
always thought that there would be
something that or it could be something
then I would do that maybe I was unaware
of or that I would make you aware of and
that it would be the one thing that
would make you leave or the one thing
that is like like crossing the line
that's like too much yeah I mean there
are just so many people that have like
come in and out of my life and people
that I love and it's been a motif and I
didn't want that to be the case with you
and and led to some pretty tough times
with you not trusting me because I
wasn't being completely forthright I
read legitimate reasons man yeah that's
when I'm like hesitant to tell you
anything but now do you feel like you
can tell me now I tell you everything
everybody you know I don't yeah I mean
hey I saw how it was hurting you
it wasn't like beneficial I saw him like
if I wasn't being 100% with you like I
have to get you my all in order for you
to give me your all and I was like yeah
I didn't and I don't want to hurt you so
I changed and now it's now I'll just
stop not at all like it is it's great
[Laughter]
it was great before it zero but there's
always room to grow things up right am I
the best sex that you've ever had yes
absolutely for sure because because of
your body type because of how like
masculine you are masculine is that what
I said masculine masculine masculine
esculenta great yeah the way you look at
me and yeah everything I feel the same
by far for sure like crazy connection
right don't you think yeah how many
times have we had sex and literally
stopped and high-fived each other yeah
right we're like been like holy shit
like you go yeah I mind the best sex
that you've ever had
how is money a conflict in our
relationship
oh my god it's uh I wouldn't say it's a
conflict I just think that both of us
have a lot to learn when it comes to
managing money for sure and we've been
in situations where we've had no money
and then we've had times when we've had
a shit ton of money and never really
managed it the right way so I think that
we do need to work on managing it and
budgeting it instead of saying let's
make a budget this Saturday for five
years straight but I wouldn't say that
it's a conflict in our relationship
would you I think it was a conflict in
our relationship because of how much we
were earning because of like your the
waiting the Ronald's dynamics during the
time when I thought it was about when I
think it was a conflict in our
relationship and that's because we moved
and we hadn't lived with each other and
one space with because we lived with
other people yeah so we were on our own
we were in a city on our own and I
wasn't financially like supportive at
all because I didn't know what I wanted
to do and I couldn't hold a job and
there were just power dynamics that were
mixed in with moving being engaged and
like figuring out who we are
simultaneously they're like who's the
word winner yeah who's the provider
there became this thing of like status
rather than like saddest I think rather
than us like working together towards it
you know what I mean yeah well our jobs
were so different why you mean your job
of my lack of a job no no I mean I mean
the nature of my job at the time was
very different from the nature of your
job and it did bring in more money to
our household but the biggest lesson
that we learned from all of that is that
it didn't make us any happier yeah at
all no we got a baller TV but it
now it's in a box so that's good we're
not gonna look for money to make us
happy as a couple we just need to learn
how to be more adult about it you know
managing it I agree yeah why haven't you
given up on our relationship I'll
preface this by saying that I have like
definitely had doubts sometimes I know
that you know but maybe I haven't been
as vocal about it before but the one
thing that always kind of sticks out in
my mind is that there is nobody in my
life who knows me better than you but
also like I don't really know how to say
it you you know me and you also will
either change yourself or change my
environment to accommodate whatever it
is that I need to help me grow and you
grow with me does that mean if it's this
weird like almost level of respect where
like I know that you respect Who I am
and you see it and you like I don't know
you're willing to change and adapt with
me and in such a and it comes from such
a loving place where you're like I see
so much potential in you I see so much
growth with you but I want to see it and
I want to grow with you and watch it
happen like I'm working you asked for it
I'm your best friend yeah you are and
that's what I say all the time you're my
best friend
what's the biggest surprise to you about
being married anticlimactic they do
really was right because it took us five
years to get there I mean seven years in
a greater sense of our relationship but
five years right in those five years we
were insane we would vacillate back and
forth between saying like fuck marriage
this is never gonna happen I don't want
to ascribe to any of the like
heteronormative like gender binary norms
so that whatever all of that shit and
then on the other hand we'd be like what
colors do we want and what kind of
flower do we wanna do blue orchids and
do what and but never actually had a
grasp of what it was going to be like
but the fact that we did it just so
suddenly so simple and so fast was
surreal
remember we walked out of the courthouse
and we were like I'm married to you
insane but I think what I learned what
I've learned for a minute is that
biggest surprise okay this is the
biggest surprise thank you the biggest
surprise is that there haven't been any
surprises it's just what it has always
been which is great that's why I wanted
to marry you anyway so it's fantastic
and I love that we don't fit into any
standard like norms of what we're
supposed to be now that we're married
you know I'm not a groom and you're not
a bride and you're not we're just we
just got married yeah
and thanks for getting back to the
question is it my turn okay when do you
worry about me and why okay when do I
worry about you and why I worry about
you when I see you criticizing yourself
I think you can go into like a really
dark space I think you can just
completely spiral mm-hmm and there's and
and I worry about you because there's
nothing and no one that can get you out
of that that is like you happen to like
climb out of the rabbit hole and I'm
like how long is this how long is it
going to take it's so indefinite and I'm
just and I've like worried about like
you missing out on something during that
time when mm-hmm like you could just be
like moving forward and just going to
the next step the part for that that's
like wasn't like I guess just some
degree still is hard for me is that I
having to tell you that there's nothing
you can do to help me mm-hmm and I'm
seeing how powerless that makes you feel
and how sad it makes you look and it's
just terrible because if I could make
you happier I would but there's just
some times in life I'm like nobody can
help you and I recommend and that took
like the therapy like the Apple therapy
that we wouldn't do like you that you
weren't obligated to like fix everything
about yeah where I had to like really
take all the control out
like okay like if he could he would I
can see that he really does want to get
out of it but does this history and I
have to step back definitely changed a
lot in that way we really do then we
would have five years ago what is
preventing me from happiness or becoming
the man I want to be self-doubt no
question self-doubt insecurity and
constantly telling yourself or worrying
that you're not gonna be good enough
you're not gonna measure up you're not
going to make people proud and it's
insane because everybody in your life
who loves you and knows you is like
waiting for you to spread your wings and
fly and become this amazing person that
you're going to become but you still
have this nagging insecurity that maybe
he's from childhood or whatever like
life experiences but it's just there's a
cross train you it's crazy because
you're the most wonderful person I've
ever met and I'm like how could you be
insecure it's just crazy
but it's frustrating but not in a way
where I get angry you I just get angry
at whoever it was that is responsible
for leading you to a place where you
would doubt yourself in that way that's
who I get angry at which is why I'm so
defensive when your friends are
ridiculous
or if you have a friend or somebody
who's being absurd you know and I'm like
cut them out of your life you were
better than that you're better than me
that's the other I look at you is that
you are exponentially a better person
than I am just in general the--and i
don't like that you think that way it's
true it's not true mister objectively on
paper it's true you filled out a
questionnaire of like yes or no like
basic things of like do you trust people
are people inherently good all that kind
of stuff I would be like everyone
generally a good person and I like had
better intent
than you do but that doesn't make me a
better person than you I guess by a
better person I mean it enables you to
live life more effectively so when you
have the insecurities and I know you
have that strength and that ability to
be positive and optimistic and always
see the glass is half-full that's when
it drives me crazy because I'm like
you're better than this
you already are better than this it's
not like oh you can work towards it like
you are everything that you need to be
to achieve what
like all of your dreams at this point
you already have all of it and you just
have to realize that do you believe in
the one and am i it what makes you
believe in the one I do and I don't
well I guess don't then right no I don't
yeah don't I don't I believe that there
are multiple people that you can have a
connection with prefer I would have a
different relationship with some other
guy that is a directive because there
are other attractive guys out there and
he would relate to me in a different way
and he could probably give me something
else that's different other than you but
you came along first and I was lucky
enough to find you so why would I search
for anyone else there's no other one for
me right now because I am the one or
even if there was I agree with you I
think everybody is potentially
compatible with any number of other
people so it is kind of arbitrary
whoever you end up with but yeah looking
for the one puts so much pressure
there's 7 billion people in the world be
like you better find that 1 million
it's not gonna happen it's absurd but
yeah I agree with you if you find
someone who is close to the one don't
fuck it up that's what I get pissed like
give it a chance
now like the because I've decided to
make you the one in my life right now
but but because of it the connection and
that we have now it's unmatched like I
would not be able to find this with
anyone and I think that's you might be
just as happy with somebody else but it
will be a different kind of difference
this is absolutely unique and totally
zoned and what's the greatest lesson I
taught you I've taught you a lot okay
what do you think you taught me the
greatest but definitely patience that
was the very first word that came into
my head but the thing is I don't think
that I've absorbed that no yeah I'm not
a patient person and then I'm not good
at patience but you have at least been
I'm not sure if you've learned it it's a
lesson I've given you but I'm not sure
if you've learned it you've been a
living example of a person who has a
unbelievable amount of patience just in
a way that I've never seen in anybody
else like a bomb could go off people
could be going completely out of control
and you would be chill and fine and I'd
be losing my shit and you're always just
telling me to calm down it's gonna be
okay and that's why for the beginning of
our relationship for like the first two
years I thought you were crazy I was
like this guy's Sikh really fucked up
and he just doesn't know it yet and
we're gonna have some breakdown he's
gonna be like and it's not it's totally
real and inexplicable and I wasn't until
I talked to my brother that he was like
yeah some people are actually
emotionally how
some people actually aren't mentally ill
and crazy like they're actually good
people so what is the lesson that you
learn patience and it yeah just that if
not like I said like I'm not able to do
it
but if I hadn't met you or been with you
I never would have valued it or had a
desire to one day be a patient person
like now I see that it's an integral
part of my identity is i evolve as a
person and that you're responsible for
introducing that into my life because
there was never any patients in my life
growing up everything was so crazy all
the time that's for sure so what do I
give you that none of your other
partners did things that I didn't really
have any I only an update I was about to
say date anyone out there so everything
that I'm thinking is just pretty much
sexual and you're my number one so so
from my previous relationship
I think it really didn't work because
they well because he didn't really
understand me and he didn't really see
my potential to grow and didn't kind of
like push the boundaries and be like
okay well have you thought about it this
wing approached it in that way so be
like gay that means really good yeah
exactly
he just kind of saw my situation and he
was like I really like him but I'm just
gonna be on the outskirts of it and
again we were only together for like
three months so I didn't really have
that much to go compared to yeah thanks
for filling
yeah I think that's pretty much it okay
what would make you leave me
if we have kids one day and that's
something we've talked about that we
like to do if our children were ever in
a position where they weren't safe
around you for any reason this is just
obviously completely hypothetical that
would be an instance no question where I
would be like yeah my relationship even
if I love this person it would take
another person's life and another
person's safety do you be compromised in
addition to my home but it would have to
be that it would have to be that day
back to you - yeah because otherwise I'm
willing to work through almost anything
I mean if you kill somebody obviously
you're gonna go to jail so I'll leave
you in that but you would have to become
a completely different person and that's
just not what's going to happen not on
my watch
is that your turn reminder it's your
turn okay what is the most ridiculous
thing that I've done and what did it
teach you about me the most ridiculous
thing that you've done in seven years
for sure is when I got the call from
Allison and you locked yourselves out of
the apartment and you climbed up onto
the adjacent building then you got cut
on the barbed wire razor wire great
sorry press the difference razor wire
and bleeding out on top of the roof up
there having to climb down so ridiculous
hollow mocks men do you know how
expensive locksmiths are I was like I
can do one hundred eighty dollars or I
can take a chance in Hopson or I can
have a star on my leg and bleed out and
need to go to the emergency room
I obviously didn't think that that was
going to happen obviously and that nine
that's what we got locked out we climbed
up on the roof in the building next door
and you helped me with Evan remember
yeah so it wasn't the president was but
it was different though because you had
more support you tried to do this
literally on your own
yeah I panicked that's pretty much what
it taught me which was that like he's
like so headstrong that he'd like will
do this on his own and try to handle it
and it's a positive thing but it is a
crazy crazy negative thing when it sends
me to the emergency or the emergency
room well we've been there many times
they'll make sense to me it doesn't how
it wasn't guaranteed but I was gonna
splice my leg open if you completely
take that option out of the table and
you just call the locksmith
it absolutely turns the table so that
you don't have that scenario in front of
you
my phone was okay long as Alison had her
phone also there's the liquor store that
was below us use their phone
you know them okay any crazy I have a
wonderful scar in my leg thank you what
do you think is the hardest thing for me
right now
continually believing in yourself like
on a daily level reaffirming who you are
and believing that your dreams are valid
and that what you want to do with your
career is valid and totally do a bowl
that's what you struggle with but you
have the ability to do it it's not that
you have to cultivate that it's waiting
there you just have to find a way to
access it on a daily level that would be
I think get ready to start already now
I'm angry to be able to really kick off
and finally get moving you know you're
the only person who is holding yourself
back always not always most of the time
now but not always
yeah there's a whole lot of fucking
people holding you back that's true okay
what's a mistake that you see me make
repeatedly and why do you think that I
do it
[Music]
and this diving headfirst into like
whatever the newest fascination is
whether it be taro or crystals or
listening to an album or music artist
and like completely resonating with it
and what was a less viable question well
why do I think you do it mm-hmm I think
you're constantly trying to define
things like it's a you're always a
strategist and you're always thinking
planning and like needing some kind of
explanation for everything there has to
be a reason and if there is I want to
know it and I think yeah and I think you
do it because you're just a kind of
scientist of life I think you just
really have a thirst insatiable thirst
for knowledge and it just cannot be
subsided I don't think it'll ever end so
that's a mistake
I think their mistakes I lose I see them
as a mistake I don't think that you need
it I think it's over complicated I would
agree with that I think that for me not
I think I know their coping mechanisms
yeah it's just something to keep my mind
busy because it's so out of control
crazy I need something too and I'm live
in the present life just live it totally
but it's hard for me to be in the
present moment and it's hard for you not
to be in the present moment so this
isn't about being this questions for you
all right
describe what you were like before we
met how have I changed you
I don't give him my background obviously
and my my family and how religious and
how oppressive their ideology and
theology was I grew up in a world where
I just never thought that I was gonna be
able to have certain things I was never
going to be able to get married to
somebody without wondering what I was
making a mistake I was never going to be
able to be an authentic person I just
had this whole life carved out for
myself for all of these limitations of
what my life would look like and then
since meeting you and having a
relationship with you and marrying you
it's just surreal because I just never
thought this would be a possibility for
me or that members of my family would
come around and actually support us and
a huge part of that is you like it's not
just because they were like oh I accept
her now or it's because of the person
that you are you are like the Golden Boy
to bring home to people who you want to
be like have a problem with our
relationship
meet this incredible person and then I
dare you to talk shit about him like now
you have to really critically think
about like why you think relationships
are or aren't morally correct you know
what I mean like you were a prime
example of it so you've changed me in
the sense that I believe in so many
other possibilities in my life now that
I always thought were forbidden it would
never happen and now I look at them and
I'm like that's totally doable because
I've made it this far I never thought it
would be this person I never thought I
would be married to a man who grew up in
LA like I just yeah that's that's how
you've changed me
what do you think is the most important
lesson that I'm learning at this stage
in my life I think the most important
lesson that you're learning is that you
are allowed to take as much time as you
need to get to where you want to be like
to be you're allowed to be selfish
you're allowed to completely just go off
the radar and do whatever it is that
makes you happy in order for you to get
to the next stage in your life I think
it's I think it's necessary and vital
for you to like appreciate this time I
think it's I I just don't know how much
more selfish I could be that's the
problem where I'm like I already feel
like a pretty selfish person I know but
and I think I think it's I think it's
good for you I think you've always tried
to please somebody else or be somebody
else for other people and this is
allowed you to like create the space
where you can do or be whatever you want
to be and you need at that time a long
period of time yeah and it's gonna end
up being like two years but two years
and like and that's why I'm like I think
of it differently like in two years in
the grand scheme a bit like I'm married
you're all are gonna have an entire life
like our 30 year anniversary we're not
gonna think about the two years that you
were like taking this time to find
yourself and you know figure out what it
is that you want to do I know you want
to be well we probably will but it won't
be in necessarily I won't be in like
it's just weird now and we're young and
we're constantly analyzing who we are
what we're going to be that's true
because we look back that stuff from
like five years ago whatever and we're
like oh my god we were so stupid so
we're probably gonna say the same same
thing we're just always gonna think that
we were really my life will finally be
living in a house and I will finally
have whatever job that it is related to
art or having my own company or brand
and then we're just gonna be sitting
having a glass of wine be like remember
when I totally lost my shit and I went
to McClean and then I had to be checked
into a mental health facility and I went
off the radar didn't want to be anyone
and pulled up in the house the entire
time and we'll just like laugh about it
you have to yeah that's crazy
okay what could I do to improve our
relationship
stop texting and driving stop listening
to your music and picking your music on
your phone for the nine thousandth time
past the iPhone to me and I will pick
these songs our relationship yeah I be
grateful that it's something so shallow
because surely I was racking my brain
but that's the only thing where I'm like
that makes me want to go crazy that
would make things much nicer because
we're in the car a lot because I can't
drive so you are always driving me crazy
and places so but yeah at the phone it's
insane
you have to just ask for help it's ok
what is the secret that you have been
too afraid to tell me
I don't have any secrets from you
I really don't yeah I wouldn't know if
you did yeah you wouldn't you can see it
in my face like the highest bullshit
meter on earth well on top of that like
anyway the worst liar I'm the worst
I'm the worst liar I also physically
what will not eat you'll see me loose
like about five to ten pounds and then
you'll be like what is going on with you
and then I'll come out with no it's more
like the shifty eyes and though but it's
it's cute that you think that you're
doing it effectively every time let's
just get to the fact that you're not
saying something yeah yeah
because before we got married that was a
huge part of our relationship right
where I was like I need to disclose
everything to you because if I'm asking
you to make a legal agreement with me
it's not fair
I mean to some degree there are some
things that don't have to be shared if
they aren't related to the relationship
but things that I thought could have a
bearing on the way that you viewed me or
how you perceived me absolutely I wanted
you to know them I didn't want to trick
you into marrying me so when you were
like yeah that's fine for all these dark
whatever parts of my past it's like what
you still want to marry me okay yeah
okay it's your chain what's the most fun
you've had with me and why
[Music]
okay like so many fun times
I can't isolate it I can't say that this
one fun time is the very best of all
time but it's pretty fucking awesome
when we were in the Adirondacks and we
were on the kayak comment that day way
out in that lake whatever it was even
called and it was all overcast and we
were just singing scream singing listen
from dream girls and thence and then we
were doing colors of the wind
surely this is a rare moment it was
perfect and then and we just went out
into the middle as far as we could and
we were like can he hear us so fucking
who cares and we just kept going it
going and that was so much fun just
scream singing at the top of our lungs
a Jennifer Hudson moment in the middle
of nowhere in New York and kayaks like
it was just hilarious to think where we
both came from like how the hell did we
end up there yeah awesome no cell phone
reception like a Twilight Zone the
waitress with one hand the people who
disappeared who owned the hotel yeah it
was a great place when do you think I
take you for granted and why I think you
take me for granted when I give you
really really good advice and it's
mainly about being in the present moment
and I'm like don't listen to all this
other stuff please like take just take
it out forget it move on and go forward
with your life just stop racking your
brain about it listen to me just I want
you to be calm and I think that's when I
feel most abandoned chef yeah taking
advantage well taking her grand am sorry
that's fair that's totally fair I'm
still working on it
it's just hard in the moment anybody
could say it to me if you can say those
words to me and it still
doesn't penetrate then that's like
obviously my problem that I need to
really work on and so yeah yeah great a
thing if you could wish one thing for me
what would it be and why you'd have your
business your business would be not
necessarily like an empire it doesn't
have to be an empire something massive
but you would definitely have your own
store you would definitely on a daily
level be using all of your skills and I
like on a business perspective
interpersonally creatively and you would
have purpose in your life that was
something you could really be proud of
something that you made that's what I
would wish for 100 percent it would make
me so happy to be able to come home and
to just know the you're walking in the
door with pride knowing that you're
doing what you were meant to do and they
you're the best at it because you were
really hard I can't wait for it to
happen that's gonna happen
it is I promise you're my biggest
cheerleader imagining like pom-poms and
I know I know it's gross
so I can't read it out loud
how many times a week would you like us
to be having sex
why the hesitation for asking it just
answer the question how many times a
week what I like for us to be having sex
yes in your like dream scenario
and something that you're like capable
of yes something is team can be really
cool enough that's I guess that's why
I'm taking such a long time I'm getting
up my little revisions the other thing
I'm gonna say say it I'm gonna say six
times really really like if I step up to
the plate six times a week you're gonna
be up to bat yeah that's what you're
saying yeah mm-hmm any would you prefer
that I love your penis and I love it and
I love ya yes okay let's try it you
don't have to make a pact right now not
an act but like if that's what you would
want you're capable of that yeah let's
try it
sure okay I don't feel like you can have
too much sex unless that's interfering
with your work life or your personal
life and it wouldn't be so it doesn't
have to I mean it can be a mixture of
like full sex and oral sex
yeah real graphic now I just want you to
know what I want to be please I want to
be clear and concise why do you love me
because you were the kindest most loving
selfless person I've ever met in my
entire life and I know without a shadow
of a doubt I'm never gonna meet anybody
like you ever again never there's no way
that simple
so I'd be a complete fool to ever fuck
this up biggest mistake of my entire
life if that ever happened so it's not
happening on my watch I'm gonna I'm
gonna agree with you good most foolish
thing you could do what do you love
about me that I don't see within myself
I don't think that you see how impactful
and you are to everyone in your life
everyone that's close in your life
especially friends like when you even if
you're not sure of yourself you have
this air of confidence and it comes off
as it's really weird but it is actually
comforting it's so comforting to know
like how I sure do you are like when you
tell me like how sure you are of Who I
am and how you think that I'm you can
see how beneficial I am to the world and
even doing other friends when they're
going through a really hard time and you
don't even know how to really handle the
situation but you're still there for
them and you bring them so much humor
and you're so confident with it and you
just it happened so naturally for you
dark humor yeah it's dark humor but I
don't think you really see how much
people love you and I wish that you
could see what other people see and see
really what I see I think if you even
grasp even a quarter of it
I don't know it's it's helped me so much
and it's it's really one of the reasons
why and I love you so much and I want
you to see it every day that's right
thank you
Thanks welcome nice meeting you miss me
[Laughter]