I love that I have someone to do
everything I want to do with we you and
I are always like we're always doing
something and we're always trying
something new and I think that's what's
so exciting and allows us to have so
much fun is because I think we both
really love to try new things and like
you introduced me to things that I
wouldn't have done and what I saw and I
also think my relationship with you is
one of the most open that I've ever had
like really like with men or friendships
or whatever just in terms of like I
truly feel like I can talk to you I'm
having an issue and you know the same
goes you know we discuss with one
another one we're having a problem and
we can talk about you know anything
that's going on so I think I really
enjoy that is when you feel closest to
me
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
if you could change one thing in our
relationship what would it mean and why
why should you think about
I don't know if this is like an active
thing that we need to change like you
and I need to think about but I wish
that we could find a balance more I
think we really go from like going out
and like having tons of fun and spending
way too much money to like stay in and
being Hermits and I think we both have
equal amounts of fun doing both of those
things but I wish there could be a
balance you know so it's not like I'm a
mixture of like being on a desert island
and like going out and living it up but
I don't think that's a thing that we
need to change I just think that's the
thing like that will change when you
feel closest to me they all right it's
when the talking zone but it's a second
disagreement or gesturing talking to a
better understanding of the each one is
coming for an idea perspective and it's
like a reasonable adult discussion I
mean just and even if you agree with it
or disagree make sure we just that
understand how we should our thinking
and how we ask people and that's what if
we process yeah doesn't matter do you
want us to was you
you know I feel like I go back and forth
on this a lot some days I think it's me
some days I think it's you I think I'd
say that I probably have a little bit
more power in the relationship and I
don't I think I'm only saying that out
loud because I have to because I'm being
asked that question and maybe it's a
just a beautiful thing that I feel like
I have power in the relationship and if
the question had gone the way it was
supposed to and I asked you maybe you'd
say the same thing and that's for me in
terms of like where I've been in my past
like with other relationships like I
don't I don't feel I think it's
different I don't think I have more
power and I can hold it over you or use
it and do what I feel I feel powerful in
this and I feel like you know my words
are being heard and what I need is being
understood and assessed and so you know
you might feel you have the most power
in the relationship because you know
hopefully vice versa but I don't think I
think for the first time I'm in a
relationship where that isn't a nasty
thing like who has the most power is
like oh and I can use this over
somebody's head because I have more
power I think it's like a beautiful sort
of like the way we are with each other
allows us to have you know autonomy and
and I don't I don't feel like I've ever
felt settle for that one time one time
on the f30
[Laughter]
so just so it's not hot I do look inside
hidden
I should say like cables to him and
we're at the top of the stairs
Nancy stop with me after train yeah that
I see me go 2nd Ave I was dropping him
off and when he didn't have an answer
for me in ten seconds he made me sad and
I was upset so at that moment you had
more power
Oh what are you hesitant to tell me
well I was gonna tell you about my
second my doubts about us moving in
together whatever they actually brought
it up recently so I would listen out so
that was the answer I was most on my
mind that if I like tell you that I had
dogs because I know you wanted it to
happen if things are still walking
around I'm part of like disappointing
people I don't like to feel like I'm
disappointing people but I when she had
to like bring it up cause then you right
it couldn't hit June and then I drop it
like it had to be before that batteries
like my concerns
I was concerned would be too soon what
would happen if it didn't work into two
months later learn was in jhana may I
talk to you about it and I was talking
about yeah I talked to you about it yeah
I mean I'm doing in right now so even if
you're doing on Monday you know this was
on my house by then I was has it
something I bring it up to tell you
about it yeah we've talked about it
continue to talk about it after this
discussion tell me about the time I
disappointed you and how do you feel
about it now
you should be 10 million times
[Laughter]
disappointed me would be times you just
like lost your patience oh cool you know
stressful or so much of a situation
because I know for my product even when
I'm I'm not always perfect about it but
I know most times like you know when I'm
stressed about something I try not to
like lose my cool on other people
oh you and I always wanted to get out
like we're supposed to you air like you
appreciated all right this moment was
for shooting for me but I didn't like
vented on you and times Mike you've
rented on me even a summons for shooting
for you assume disappointed I like you I
don't feel I go to a burger you know
like you know come treat me how I would
actually do but he's got something in a
moment that's what I'm disappointed I
feel better I mean I think I've told you
we've talked about it I mean would right
I'd say the bullet it's not like I'm
perfect you're perfect but you talked
about it and this that goes back to what
I said before when I free process to use
man you've been able to use with the
rest come to an understanding yeah do we
have enough sex
[Laughter]
still living art so there's usually a
couple days in between
whether we usually have sex quite a bit
[Laughter]
[Music]
about yeah maybe haven't tried them but
I vocalize them I the best sex yes I
think so I think
basically you're definitely like top -
listen listen every I mean every time
you have sex it's you know it's a
totally different thing even if it's the
same person and so like there are some
times that are better there's something
worse and like for the physicality of it
like we have great sex and I don't have
great sex or I haven't had always great
sex in my life so it's not just but the
reason why I would say that you're the
best sex I've had in my life is because
sex isn't just about the physicality of
it there's a lot more to it and can get
a lot more fun when you like really care
about the person that you're with and it
totally like elevates the experience
elevates is the right word and I think I
care about you so much more than the
other people that I've had sex with and
I care about you enjoying it and you
having a good time and you don't wanting
it to be great for both of us and I
think that really and I feel that with
you too and I think you know just by and
large you have great sex and things
aren't just
the funny thing is we're like Herron was
staying out parachuting like you know
have a really open confrontation you
ever think about other people dirty sex
to our pawsome a question how much porn
do you watch meeting um those are two
very very different answers there are
like how much porn I watch regularly in
my real life I should say real life
before you actually don't like why don't
you like porn doesn't mean too much for
me yeah
just yeah I mean I've watched it and I
can enjoy it but it doesn't do as much
for me as actually doing of me being in
activity I care
you don't say like I know what feel
place before I want to go dampen myself
what important to that you wish I would
do unrealistic and I'm really kicking
anything honestly like what is more
unrealistic for women in women actions
but I don't think I don't feel like
anything is like missing from the male
speech like what men are doing it you
try sex in different places that happens
important but that's not because I'm a
man what do the women in porn do that
you wish I would do you know all the
things I want
[Laughter]
what's your favorite kind of porn like
typical corn patch and I think I watch a
lot of those when I did choose to watch
porn because I really don't watch much
anymore it was like the woods were like
someone happened upon someone else and
also have you ever chosen over me what
do you get from poem that I don't give
you well I told you that but together I
really stopped watching porn I'm gonna
say not much I don't really watch more
and I think like if there were ever an
extended period of time that we weren't
together like for whatever reason I
think
probably would watch porn as like a
supplement but how do you feel about me
watching porn I feel fine it doesn't
depends and I'll ask questions I go play
with mine
once it'd be twice independency
[Laughter]
uncomfortable River just like like you
said if I was going for week or two and
you did it for supplemental reasons
that's fine
[Laughter]