do you have my cell phone no I'm gonna
check my mic
when you think of the first time we met
what do you remember
Mary's bus very suppose yeah start in
ninth grade you would love here today
like that I go but does it make you
think of it takes me back there as well
but mostly afternoons waiting for Mary's
bus and different
what do you love about our relationship
how open we are to each other we just
discuss anything and everything there's
no there's no walls
what about the same we don't have any
real conflicts in terms of who we are
and how we are with each other whenever
each other's external factors don't
really matter
was it what is it about me that makes
you think I understand you you listen
and you try and fix the problem but I
think mostly throughout the years that
we've been together and I think the fact
that we were friends before we actually
started a relationship take a romantic
relationship you got to know me you know
so I think by the time we decided to
turn this into a romantic relationship
you basically do like what would make me
angry or how to keep me calm I would say
what about you yeah I mean I think
definitely of being friends before
having a relationship was definitely a
factor that helped in the flourishing of
our relationship
what do you hesitant to tell me I know
I'm hesitant to tell you something but I
just can't put my finger on it
how about you I don't know I think with
how long we've been together
not well you know there's something
about to me I let it bottle up and then
I explode so that's right now nothing
what's my super sex skill you can't get
a no-phone super sex Colonel Angus so
that would say yeah I mean you have
others but yeah they're super sex go is
just how you just let go you yourself
there's no why there's a fucking plenty
comfortable well ma'am
I would agree I do feel comfortable
what is the sexual fantasy you're afraid
to ask me
okay
who sacrifices more in our relationship
and how do you feel about that
it'll depend with my contacts really
yeah I think we've each made equal
sacrifices for a relationship I think
I've had to overcome the most obstacles
but in terms of sacrificing I think
we've each made our own I think the
biggest one has been like putting our
engagement on hold and kind of getting
our lives in order you know going back
to school
it's a fortunate sacrifice - yeah what
about you
I think it's it's just a common
sacrifice in marriage many relationships
might go through of like putting
themselves or not being selfish too to
make sure the other are significant how
their reach their goals
what do you wish I would just get over
and let go your fears I wish that you
just let life happen not you know like
every decision that you make doesn't
need to have a what if it's gonna happen
one way or another I feel like I have
maybe over-analytical off things and
don't let things just flow through yeah
yeah I mean we've had that discussion
before I have no kids no big house I
wouldn't take care of yeah life is gonna
happen one way or another what about
I guess to a certain extent is just like
me figuring it out but uh it's
definitely helped me just the pressure
you put on me on in that sense in that
room that's kind of like branching out
from that question it's something that
that you've helped me grow in a sense
usually when I kind of hold myself back
you push me on push me off the cliff
in a good way
I think this one was not for you mmm but
are you afraid that you'll become like
your father
yeah
why yeah and I feel like as much as I
try not to laughter he's a bad man or
anything like that but I feel like the
emotional barriers that he has as I said
try to push trying to make sure I don't
build those I feel like it could happen
it comes in a inevitable through truth
as much as I fight for
do do you think the way that your mom
may have brought you up or maybe your
grandmother has influenced the way that
you're not like your father in that way
of your emotional barriers and yeah it
gave me a nice balance we tended to my
mother could be very open oh my my
father at times doesn't really show it
although it's I know it's there I don't
know if it's just I guess this step and
Hispanic male stereotypes in might
induce it or or whatnot as I get older I
realized that that the emotions are
there and he seeks to express it it's
just uh he doesn't know how to do you
think that'll change or kind of it'll be
better now since we're planning a
wedding and we're trying to keep both of
your parents involved yeah yeah I
definitely do think so
okay can you give him that card and have
him be
are you afraid I'll become like your
father no I think part of the reason why
I stayed with you as long as I have and
part of the reason why I guess I kind of
chose you it's because you're nothing
like my father I'm the only way that you
are similar is in your taste of music
but that's about it
I don't luckily I don't have that that
fear I think we have we communicate well
enough that if you ever feel that I'm
not enough that if whatever the case
might be I think we have that that open
communication so I don't I don't fear it
who lives who more in this relationship
what I do obviously I mean I mean that's
not something I've never really like
looked at to measure or when I I don't
think it's something that you need to
unless it's something completely and
utterly obvious but I don't seek to
measure it at all I don't know I think
our friends would argue that I love you
more
what do you wish I would forgive you for
being reckless with my money yeah I
think the fact that I grew up in a
household where both my parents are very
reckless with their money and they
didn't really teach me how to be how to
prepare for adulthood you know that was
coming from Cuba and all um I didn't
have the financial bed and say you had
there was no preparation for me it was
just whole great I got a job at 19 now
I'm gonna spend that money so that's one
thing I definitely should forgive me for
forgive you a long time ago
it's interesting because I've been
wanting to ask you this for a very long
time now so why do you love me
because I think to what become um I'm
not sure II would have become Who I am
it wasn't for you and again like I
mentioned before the you pushed me along
you know me to take risks and we built
upon each other because of that I could
be myself I don't have to put on a
facade things a lot of people that do
that and and in doing so a lot of people
lose who they are maybe they don't
remember who they are before or what not
who they want to be but that's
definitely it
I mean you're my best friend you're my
lover you're I could express anything
having my mind and my heart with you
