what do you remember about the first
time we met well the first time I saw
you I don't remember that but I knew I
saw you before like we actually met I'd
seen you the other classes but what I
remember is I remember us working out I
CrossFit and we had the infamous story
of you having a big tire and you were
flipping it and I accidentally stepped
in front of you and you was flipped it
on me you're like oh sorry no no it's my
fault
and then afterwards she came up to me
and he said hey I didn't even know you
spoke English she never talked in class
so we started talking after that and I
remember thinking like oh he's so
good-looking
and you were so nice that's what I
remember you're not even looking away I
think anyway 4head aren't you you're not
looking at me okay how have I changed
since we first met what did you what do
you miss about me do I miss about you
how have I changed
since we first met what do you miss
about me
that's a good one what do I miss about
you
I don't know I I mean I guess now I
guess now we're more in our routine you
know it's probably the only thing when
you first meet you know saying when you
first meet you're the only the only
thing I care about spend time with you
the only thing you care about spending
the time with me and I guess now we're
kind of in the routine you know so but
we see each other every day that's not
what I mean I just mean that you know
little things probably don't bother
bother you as much they wouldn't bother
you as much when we first met as they do
now maybe you know so I mean but what I
miss I mean I would say you're kind of
I'm saying you're the same you know you
know if anything is just our routine is
kind of more of a routine now how have I
changed
have you changed I mean I don't think
you changed you know I don't think
you're any any difference I just know
when we first met we're going out a lot
more doing a lot more things and kind of
but I just think now we're kind of more
settled down more structured so I
wouldn't say necessarily changed you
know I mean
do we have enough sex this is a good
question we talked about it but we don't
talk about it we make jokes about it do
we have enough sex yes and no I think
definitely lately we've had more sex and
it's good I think we go through spurts
where or I think in a relationship not
us necessarily where you have a lot of
sex and relationship and then you don't
and then you can get back into it and I
think yeah I think lately been on the
downhill not having enough sex I think
we should have more but not on this
sense like some of our friends we talked
to they have sex like every single day I
don't know if I fall into that category
if I think we should have sex every day
but hey definitely it's like once a week
we should make effort an effort to have
sex and shouldn't be a priority that
were like I mean a chore shouldn't be a
chore to like we need to have sex I just
but I like having sex with you so I
think it brings us closer and you've
even said when we have sex I'm like
nicer now I would agree yeah that's
probably how we've changed yeah if we go
back that is true yes I have more sex
all the time you used to you used to
initiate a lot more I did yeah and so
now it's not it's that's probably that's
probably say how we changed as probably
we've changed that's it in the beginning
we're much more I would say passionate
is more lust definitely you know I'm
saying all over each other
yeah but that was probably not like that
I still less after anything's different
yeah I know it's just different yeah you
know I agree okay
what's my super sex skill that you can't
get enough of do I have a super sex go
yeah
what's my super sex skill that you can't
get enough of maybe I don't have I don't
think you have one I don't think you
have one but I think that I don't think
you have one but I think that if if you
mixed it up more we'd have more sex so
maybe dressing up
maybe dressing more sexy when it's gonna
be just me and you you know what I mean
not like this instead it's just gonna be
me and you instead of going out with
friends and we had to impress it's just
gonna be me and you dressing more sexy
butt sex skill yeah we probably need to
have more sex to have a super sex feel
like I have a skill yeah experiment
enough we should try just go to the sex
store one of these I don't know we don't
have one now okay
how do you describe me to others I
always say that you're super handsome
and really nice you have the biggest
heart if anybody I've ever met
super outgoing really really smart
especially when it comes to math you're
like Rain Man you say that a lot
how else do I describe you as athletic
really family-oriented super close with
your family catholic close family I mean
that's like really couples as I would
say like super close to their family
really nice I mean the nicest person I
think I've met and just accepting of
people those really the qualities I
would say about you what's the hardest
thing about our relationship
the hardest thing circular questions I
really I don't know because I don't look
anything as hard
I say probably the the biggest thing is
that we want to get married and I want
to have kids and so do you want have
kids and we're getting older you know
and we're running up against time I
would say so we're getting older bowing
out and getting married or anything like
that you're probably wondering why and I
want everything to be perfect
which is why you know right place right
time right everything's I mean I would
say that's probably the hardest thing
other than that I wouldn't say we have
any challenges not anything we fight or
we face or overcoming I mean there's
nothing nothing hard about it
just kind of works you know yeah what's
the biggest challenge of our
relationship ladies challenge how's the
same question right yeah I think let me
think
I would agree that's a big challenge is
like sitting here like as the female
like waiting for you to propose we in a
knowing yeah that's probably our biggest
challenge yeah knowing I'm getting older
I'm gonna be 37 and March you know
people start people are usually done by
now and they're having kids so just
starting and I guess I have a lot of
friends right now doing in vitro that
are my age or maybe you know within 37
39 40 that are that couldn't get
pregnant so I think oh my gosh am I
gonna fall in that category are we gonna
have as many kids as you want like the
five kids I mean I don't know that you
know do we want to be having kids when
I'm like 45 beyond 45 so and if we if I
put the math together gonna be 37 you
haven't proposed yet you know I guess if
you proposed soon in the next few months
then maybe a year from now so then I'll
be 38 by the time we actually try to
have kids even if it works or we try to
make it work we're looking at 39 maybe
40
so yeah that's like that's tough knowing
we both want kids but you want five I
know I want you know at least two
minimum so yeah that's I just trust that
at all like all work out I think it well
I think so it's just yeah just trying to
fight that thought in your head you know
time and everybody else like jeez what
are you guys gonna get married when's it
gonna happen what's he waiting for
I get you know I'm sure you get those
questions those emissions all the time
so yeah that's hard and trying to like I
guess people think if we haven't we're
not married by now like why aren't we
married by now you know guys are old
enough you guys aren't in your 20s
you're old enough you live together like
what's I think now everybody's like well
what's the problem what's what's wrong
you know yeah so I think that's hard to
telling people and explaining it I'm
like saying oh he's waiting waiting for
the perfect moment the perfect time that
makes sense
yeah oh my question who has more power
in the relationship you or me
more power
that's an interesting question it's a
good question more power I would say it
depends it depends on the situation but
I mean I guess I I don't really look at
it as power though you you know I mean I
guess you could say I have more power
because I'm the one that would propose
or I'm the one that would it's on my
timeframe but really you could walk away
at any moment to so it's on your
timeframe and then as far as power I I
don't ever want to have power over you
you know so I really don't look at us
who has more power because I really I
don't want to I'm not trying to be
dominant or tell you what to do or you
know if anything I would rather come to
the right answer together so I really
don't ever look about that as a power
struggle I want you to have the things
you want well I have one to have the
things that I want you know and I feel
like if we have the same goal then we
can kind of come to the same place you
know so I don't ever look at it as power
I don't want you know I don't want to
tell you what to do what I want us both
to be happy to be able to do the things
that we want to do you know so power I
don't know I say you're very you let me
do things I let you do things I think
we're very trusting we have a very
trustful relationship so we don't really
I don't we don't ever really look at it
as power you know at least I don't I
don't look I don't want to have more
power you know I think we'll be equal
partners whether it's whatever it is you
know if I was working and you stayed at
home whatever roles we agreed to I still
feel as equal power just because I was
the one working and you were staying
home with the kids would it mean that I
had more power so I wouldn't necessarily
look at it like that because I don't
want to control you and I don't want you
to control me either you know so that's
a good question
I don't think any power when was the
last time you questioned ending our
relationship and why didn't you oh I
don't think I definitely I can say in my
head I'm like I thought to myself why am
I in this relationship okay bit more of
like a rhetorical question not like you
know really why am I in this
relationship really gave a thought it's
just like being frustrated and just
angry and it's just heat of the moment
but I've never thought oh I should end
this relationship I've never like been
to that point where like no because I
mean I might be mad for like the next
hour but a night when I feel really make
myself think about it and I think about
your qualities and who you are and I'm
like no way like I can't imagine myself
with anybody else yeah I just definitely
I've thought ya might why am I here why
am i why are we together but it's just
more of a like you to the moment angry
but I've never thought like okay I
really need to take a look at this
relationship I think is this really for
me I've never thought that boy I always
felt like to just we just fit together
for like it's meant to be like like I
agree
in the back of your mind do you think
I'll leave you no I don't think you
leave me I think that
no I don't think you meanie first of all
I would have let you leave me you know
we didn't do anything that lets make you
leave me you know but I don't think you
leave me because I think that you you
believe in it it's meant to be if it's
meant to be it's meant to be what kind
of I don't think he would leave me and
then try to find somebody else and start
all over again I think if you weren't
with me then you probably wouldn't be
with anybody or you would just go you
know so you're like the best I've ever
had
no I just don't think you and I don't
think you'd be searching for somebody
else I think you would go and just you
know then live your life and if somebody
popped in the picture whatever but I
think that you know I don't know I just
I don't think I hope you believe me and
I don't think I have control either and
goes back to that question you know I
really don't I don't look at it like
that I just don't think you would I
don't think in the back of your mind
you're just thinking like that what if I
cheated on you you think you believe me
all right leave you have you cheated on
yeah if you cheated on me would I leave
you yeah yeah yeah I think you would but
which goes to the point that I wouldn't
do that so yeah I don't really think you
know cuz I think if I did that then I
would probably leave you you know and
what I mean by that is that I wouldn't
let you I wouldn't feel comfortable
enough to you know to me yeah to go
ahead with that so I don't necessarily
think that you have something like that
happened but I don't think I don't think
in the back / - this way in the back of
your mind I mean the back of my mind do
I think you know I don't you know so I
really it's not something that really
crosses my mind
when have I disappointed you
when have you disappointed me
I think there's been occasions you have
disappointed me with different things
different scenarios like we've talked
about this you know when I was getting I
don't know a few months ago I felt like
I had a lot of expectations for you like
living in the house together like little
stuff that you would do for you know
like take out the trash and like put
away the dishes and your clothes we
talked about that and I said I think I
was disappointed because I think I had
these expectations for you us living
together and when you didn't fulfill
those expectations I was disappointed
but then I realized why do I have these
expectations and it's probably easier if
I don't have expectations for you and
then I won't be disappointed in you and
then it's funny because then when I
stopped having expectations you kind of
like stepped up to the plate lately and
I think I told you that I think it kind
of hurt your feelings that you said that
I need to stop having expectations so it
was disappointed I just felt like I
don't know I feel like even though we
have this like even relationship I still
want you to take on like manly roles and
you know I want to feel like the woman
and taken care of and I mean at points
you know I want to feel like it doesn't
be 50/50 I want to feel like that make
sense you're my man and you're taking
care of me and you're you know watching
out and you know so I think that was a
disappointment that I had but I've
gotten over and just but like I said
you've kind of stepped up to the plate
lately and we are new living together so
I think these are just things I've had
to work out for myself and yeah I guess
it kind of I don't look at that I guess
I don't look at those is like the manly
roles which you've had those have you
talked about that before you know yeah I
don't look at the man as the you know
taking out the trash I understand but
doing the dishes and
keeping the house clean and stuff I look
at that as more of the female roles
although we can work together but I
wouldn't say I don't take care of you if
I don't take away the ditches if I'm not
putting away the dishes that you're not
taking care of I guess I guess it's kind
of a difference you know I don't know I
guess you know I look at it more as like
the man like being protective
you know or protecting you and
financially and supporting you and you
know maybe Sklar stuff or outdoor stuff
but not necessarily like the dishes or
the clothes or whatever I guess that's
kind of I guess part of it was the
expectation as you set I think you set
him for me before we live together I
think that was part of it
you know he said oh when we live
together you know I'm a really clean
person I put away my laundry every day I
do the dishes I make my bed so maybe
that's where I guess I created these
expectations right for you maybe yeah
maybe a manly role isn't the I'm looking
for but yeah I guess you created those
expectations so I kind of like was
expecting that then that makes sense I
was a little disappointed and the other
thing I think of disappointment which I
haven't told you it's not a big one it's
really little I think I guess a little
disappointed for Christmas I kind of
thought like you would put more thought
into my Christmas present even though
you went to my favorite store and I
loved the store but I kind of felt like
you did it last minute you're like
probably rushed and just got whatever
was in the store cuz it was like a day
before Christmas yeah
sorry we're boring no I know where we're
not really I know I just feel like
really boring there's no problem this is
avoid Christmas can I answer some of the
questions too I could have answered some
of the yeah earlier was I felt like so
so you can come up with your own
questions too
no I was just thinking uh you know okay
yeah so yes I think one little
disappointment I was a little
disappointed which I didn't tell you was
um Christmas I just thought like you
would put more thought I felt like kind
of like oh he didn't put a lot of
thought into what I really wanted like
some of the things I was dropping hints
for I feel like you you did go to my
favorite store so I was like okay it's
my favorite store but I kind of feel
like you went just at the last minute
because it was a couple days for
Christmas and just got whatever you
could find right versus like putting a
lot of thought and do it and when you
said you know I gave you all these
thoughtful presents I was like yeah I've
got a lot of thought I've been planning
for like months so I was a little
disappointed I think I expected more I
guess heartfelt gifts not that I was
expecting a proposal because I
definitely wasn't expecting a proposal
didn't definitely you're not the
Christmas proposal guy I thought I would
get I don't know so I was a little
disappointed I told you that what I mean
I first of all was the last minute but I
told you that I told a couple people I
gosh how can how can you
I felt like man I could spend so much
money on you you don't even spend that
much money on me but for some reason I
feel I feel like nothing like me and her
like you just got me a picture it wasn't
just a picture but I'm just saying you
got
get me a picture of us I was I got us
really it meant something to be was
really special you know versus I could
spend a lot of money but if I get you a
pair of shoes or something I was like
man I felt like I really did it you know
so I already kind of knew that I fan I
felt that even though maybe you didn't
say it I'd already mentioned it to
people like gosh you know because I put
so much thought into it you know so I
already kind of I already knew that you
know so but now you told you my question
my Carson your question what is it about
me that makes you think I understand you
what is it about you what is it about
you that makes me think you understand
me
I know you just do you just know me you
know I get there like it just just I
mean you tell me you know just little
things they're like oh you're thinking
this you're thinking that or you would
have done this or you would have done
that and you I don't know just over time
you have me pretty much pinned I think
you I think just from time time and
experience just being together that you
you just know you know who I am you know
I am with different things but sometimes
you really sometimes that's your problem
too that you think you know but then you
make an assumption I'm like what I
wasn't even thinking that so not
necessary for the most part I would just
say just because yeah I don't know just
from experience
really I mean honestly just just living
with each other and always being
together I would say you know I feel
like I understand you when was the last
time you felt jealous of me last time
jealous of me I felt jealous of you yeah
never thought about that there I'm sure
there's been a time when we think about
jealous of you
the first thing that comes to mind but I
can't say I'm like jealous I'm just like
not a bad jealous like envious like so
somebody make these huge bonuses at work
and I'm like how can I make a huge bonus
at work like right since we're both in
sales but it's not like a jealous
everything I just think oh I'd be nice
to have that much money and in check
like a big lump sum jealous ah more like
jealous like its jealousy I think is
more like a negative word that it has
like yeah I'm meaning behind it that you
like it's beyond envious like you can
envy somebody and appreciate it and then
you can like be jealous and the like no
I'm not jealous I'm not jealous of you
but I don't mean that in a way like in a
condescending way more of I mean I'm
proud of you you get to do something I'm
proud of you know if you accomplish
something or some goal or yeah made a
big check or whatever I'm proud of you
you know great jobs you know I'm not
yeah I'm not jealous of you but I will
say I think I'm envious of how close
your family is and how close you are to
them and how close your parents are with
each other and your sisters and I think
like wow what a great family that's like
forever like I didn't
what would you do if I cheated on you
you go like this I would probably be sad
and disappointed more than anything I
don't know if I get I don't know if I
get I probably get more hurt than I
would mad you know more disappointed
than anything probably I don't know and
then and then you always say people say
well if they cheated on me I'd leave
them you know so I for me though I mean
I think I would say that but I think if
I was in that situation you know I would
somehow justify in my mind that she made
a mistake
you know and am I gonna throw away the
whole relationship because she made a
bad decision or something like that
that's probably how I would think what
was the question again
if I cheated on you would you leave me
what I would you leave me I cheated on
you would you leave me if you cheated on
me would I leave you yeah
I don't think so I don't know I don't
know I don't think so I I mean depending
on the level of cheating
we were talking about this the other day
well I think I feel bad though I mean I
would somehow feel bad because it
wouldn't make sense cuz you wanna you
want to get married and you want to do
all these things on the way I'd feel bad
like okay she cheated on me so then
we're not gonna get married I can't have
kids all that stuff but I don't I mean I
don't know I don't think I would I've
never been cheated on though that's not
true haven't you before was I mad I mean
I was more disappointed but then she
ended up breaking up with me so how are
you I mean I don't know you know that's
a good question but I really I guess it
depends on the situation who sacrifices
more in our relationship and how do you
feel about that hmm whose sacrifice is
more
hmm you think about this like I don't
like a lot it out loud I don't feel like
I sacrifice anything relationship I
don't know I think about I like you
sacrified oh no that's a good question
who do you think who sacrifices more so
like who gives up more I mean I think
you financially sacrifice more in this
relationship than I do you always pay
for when we go out and our utilities
even though we split rent so financially
I think you sacrifice more than I do
but I think I have definitely more debt
than you do so then what money I don't
have as much yeah am i spending money as
you do I'm sure I think other levels of
sacrifice I mean I feel like we have the
same interests so it's like when I think
about time and I'm not sacrificing my
time doing other things to be in this
relationship or anything like we work I
don't know some couples I think stop
going to the gym they sacrifice working
out together because they're what their
significant other there's like that but
we both like working out so we both have
time to do that together and I'm not I
don't feel like I've given up my friends
because they all like you thank you
maybe you've sacrificed more cuz then it
makes me think of like you don't we
don't hang out with your best friend as
much because of the relationship that I
don't really care for
I don't like her so we don't hang out
and I think if it was up to you you we
would hang out more with your other
friends as couples yeah I mean one
couple in particular we don't know
anyone yeah we don't hang out with so
you maybe you sacrifice a little bit
more than that and then financially I'm
trying to think of other ways you be we
could be sacrificing we're not I mean
we're perfect couple I don't know think
I don't know there's a give-and-take
what do you think we sacrifice on I mean
I don't know
I don't either really sacrifice ah it's
different there's so many levels of
sacrifice like what like what time one's
yeah you know so you oh maybe you
sacrifice work I say I say I sacrifice
yeah yeah probably my time at war I say
if you look at it the way who I was
versus who I am in a relationship I mean
I probably sacrifice a lot of those
things but then again also you also
allow me to do things I want so I don't
like sacrifice you know watching a game
or going to Tampa to visit whoever you
know my family or I mean so I really
don't I really don't do that I would say
more I said like I sacrifice like I
normally yeah like I told you said go to
bed a lot of things like that but I I
sacrifice because I like I like spending
time with you so you know or financially
we go out to eat you know probably I
probably wouldn't spend as much as we do
but I like going out with you so it's
not really I don't really think it's a
sacrifice you know so I don't I don't
think when you sacrifice something I
don't you know I guess maybe you don't
get it a reward it out of it versus I
really like what we do so it's not
really sacrificing yeah it's not a
surgery is it my question that was my
question yeah yeah
wait no go ahead your turn I was waiting
what excites you about our future
together and why I I'm excited cuz I
mean I think it'd be a great mom
so you already are a great mom so I'm
excited because I think I think that you
know I think that's where you can really
teach me just you know how to be a great
dad and how to raise kids and things
like that and I don't think I have to
worry about that motherly quality in you
you know and then I think a very
trustworthy and very you know you're
very trustworthy
you're very I don't explain it but
you're gonna allow me to be who I want
to be and you're also gonna be able to
be at home and raise the family or even
if you work decided to work you're gonna
we're gonna be able to do it together so
I'm excited about raising our kids
together and making those decisions
together and I think that I think that
we will make those decisions together
and not argue about whether it's private
school or public school or whether it's
you know our daughter wants to whatever
play volleyball or you know being dance
or whatever it is you know I think we'll
be able to make all those decisions
together so I'm excited about the future
and you being able to raise the kids
together and everything I am kind of
scared especially when you just
mentioned of the timeline and wanting
the number of kids I want but it's not I
mean that's kind of a number really
in this stead of not necessarily I mean
if we ended up with three that's great
too you know I understand that too is
for me it's more that you're healthy and
that they're healthy so that scares me
about our future you know that part of
it guys kind of scary but the exciting
part is being able to do it together
and build something special I think you
know I look back and say hey we were
together for you know 30 years or 40
years or 50 years or whatever so I think
I think we have the same views and
everything we have the same interests so
that's kind of exciting
you know I don't think that you're gonna
be controlling or anything like that I
think we're gonna be able to to you know
do what we want to do together parent
together rather the biggest thing and
and see our kids grow up and you know
raise them the right way and all that's
probably what excites me the most I
would say thank you why do you love me
oh so many reasons why I love you I get
emotional good tears because I do let me
smooch
yeah I think like makes me happy because
I really feel like you were the one I
was supposed to find and though you may
not be perfect and what people would
consider perfect to be a perfect to me
right just look like every part of you
even though I get frustrated I just love
who you are on the inside I remember the
first week I met you it's like COD
you're too good to be true
I'm thinking like people like this don't
exist there's you're late
you're just saying all the right things
because you're just I don't know what
your agenda is that's a good thing you
don't know what his agenda isn't just
like sleep with me just to date me or
like you know but I thought everything
you were saying was just fake I didn't
believe who you were and then definitely
by the second week I was like wow this
guy's like a really nice guy he's like a
good person like he is everything he
says and then I thought over time like
it's still too good to be true something
will happen and I don't know and you
worry or and I just I love that you're
like so generous and so kind and like
super smart and I could trust you with
anything of like my life and our kids
lives like I can put you like you're
going to in Vegas or the bachelor party
coming up and I know I can trust you I
don't have to worry about who you are or
what you're gonna do this is you're
gonna make and you could be around
horrible people making poor decisions
but I know that you'll be the one to
make the right decision and I don't have
to worry about people influencing you or
you're not weak like that you're a
strong person you know you're you're
really strong on the inside I think
you're stronger than Papa you even think
that you are and I love that you you
kind of like you don't realize I don't
think how amazing you are you say that
like
I'm such a good boyfriend I'm a good
friend but I think you're even better
than you even give yourself credit for
I think can't just I mean you're just an
amazing soul okay personally inside
that's what I needed to find in my life
is somebody like em at me and I felt
like what's the magic soul for mine I
think that's you but I never would have
thought like that I could find somebody
without amazing I mean I know there's
amazing people and hear about amazing
love stories but I never knew that I
could I would feel this way and like
just I mean I love you like to your core
do your inside and I wouldn't never do
anything to like tarnish that I mean I
knew that going into dating you I was
like no I don't want to do anything that
could potentially hurt this relationship
because I think this is a great guy and
I think he could really be the one so I
better do everything the right way
nothing you know I didn't do anything
shady like when you first started dating
people you know there's always a gray
area of things that you can get away
with and I never did any of that stuff
because I knew I just felt it I just
felt like you were like the one and I
was like wow he's everything on the
checklist that I wanted I mean I would
joke jokingly say I mean I love Spain if
I could just find myself a Spanish man
from Spain so I can travel to Spain and
when you said you were Spanish I was
like no way like really you're from
Spain thank you you don't have an accent
your family's Spanish like I was like
okay this is really weird but it was
really weird all the little things the
value I mean you know I wanted somebody
Catholic and you're Catholic probably
the first Catholic guy I've ever dated
okay you know you have a close family I
love that about about you and about them
and
I was scared I guess getting to know
them and I love that they're like so
like you know open and open to me and
been so kind and you know everything I
love that you like you're healthy and
athletic and you know you don't bring me
down and you make me want to be a better
person I think that was like the hardest
part of finding somebody is finding
somebody that makes you a better person
and that you want to be just like them
and you know be good people together so
I mean I mean I said I think the same
thing you know about you so I would say
I love your soul the same way the same
thing there's such a great person no
matter what you're doing I think we I
think we match you're a great friend you
stay in touch with all your friends you
do whatever you can for your friends you
know you're always there you always try
to stay in touch with them they all love
you which is a sign of you the fact that
all your friends love you that means a
lot because a lot of people are not like
that so that means that you develop
those relationships and then and then I
love Lea you're a great mom you know
this the way you are with Alyssa and
everything I would say that's something
so special and I see how much you care
about her you know and that's something
that I really I really love about you
you know that you really do you
genuinely care about her you know so I I
mean it's just not that it's rare it's
that you you've prioritized that and it
shows and it's a big deal because you
put her in front of yourself you know
and maybe that's probably why you know
was able to find you because you put
time you know people maybe didn't want
to put up with you putting her in front
of you yourself but you have done that
until and then that's why it allowed you
to race her and her to be so great you
know and also I just think you're a
great person
you know so yeah you're beautiful you're
athletic you know you we have the same
interest but I just think deep down eyes
you have a great heart so that's why no
matter what happens or what fight we get
into or what not I know that I love you
you know and I never think about leaving
you or no matter what situation I'm in
or what situation you know you're in
especially from you what no matter what
situation I'm in I always think about
who's behind me you know what I mean and
what and I always inside I definitely
always ask myself you know maybe she's
over the years I could just you know is
this worth it or is that decision worth
it or what I can always think I have a
way of thinking about things where most
people just block out the moment you
know and worry about the consequences
later I don't think about it like that
I think about what we built you know and
what we could be and so I just that's
probably - I mean I just love the fact
that I know that I have a great thing
you know and I know that we're gonna be
special together so I don't I don't
really think about anything anything
interfering with that I could never
think about you cheating on me I could
never think about me cheating on you
they'll stall something across my mind
and where they're waste of time
you know I don't I don't really think
about that so but I more than anything I
say I love that you're a great person
and then I know you're a great person
and I know we have things that work on
and I know there's things that bother me
and I know there's you know things that
bother you maybe but at the end of day I
know you're a great person that's
probably the biggest thing and you've
taught me things about myself too you
know so I love the fact that I can learn
from you you know you're very smart and
everything but also you're probably the
first person I've been with it I feel
like lifts me up because I can learn
different things
for me weather whatever was feeding the
homeless the other night or whatever it
was you know this sounds funny but it's
like nobody would have done that versus
you truly enjoy that and then really
your satisfaction was look you know and
you've taught me that about you know
just giving back little things like that
they're huge you know that's really like
it means a lot to me because that's how
big your heart is so you don't really
you know you treat everybody like
they're people which is very rare so and
then especially you know just some of
the things we mentioned here today so
that maybe I thought that I didn't know
that you realized or that you thought
about but the fact that you think about
them now you make me feel better because
sometimes I think about me Anna does she
not think about this or does she not
think about that or realize something
but just knowing that you do I mean
makes me love you you know so why am I
in love with you that's the question I
just love everything about you I just
think we fit you know I think you really
don't I mean I just think everything
fits so you're a great person I have to
say one more thing it yes why I also
love you I didn't bring that up um I
forgot yeah with Alyssa with my daughter
you like work so like open to us and
treated her like not you treat her like
we were all part of your family right
off the bat which I thought was just
amazing like I don't know I've dated
people that are like oh you have a
daughter
not that they it really mattered of them
had a daughter but they weren't so
inclusive in the relationship but you
were so like for the beginning like how
does she feel about us do I get to meet
her how is she you know just always
thoughtful like towards her like you
know it's just gonna interfere with
anything you know just have a volleyball
game where can we do this and let's
include her let's go to dinner with
Alyssa like you know and I thought that
was like really nice you know I know
she's not like she's a teenager she's
not a little kid so it's different it's
easy I think for somebody who's dating
somebody with a teenager to be
like oh she can stay at home by herself
and you know watch TV or whatever versus
like oh no let's let's go to date night
the three of us and I think that's why
she like loves you so much - I mean she
just she tell you the same things like
you're just a good guy and so nice and
I'm like so caring and yeah and I love
that she's a part of you am I probably
my biggest it's not a fear I just don't
want to disappoint you because I mean I
can marry you today I just want
everything to be right so that's always
the everything's against you know where
I feel like we're against the clock and
this and that but that's that's the only
thing I just want everything to be
perfect and when I say right not right
with the relationship like you know I
want it to be some special that you know
maybe it is out of a movie or something
like that I don't know you know with
something that something you already
know it's gonna come because you're like
okay this must be when he's gonna
propose but still I just want it to be
like that moment you know and that's
kind of my my reason for not rushing you
know because but at the same time I know
we want kids and all that in our future
so but I don't want you to ever think
that I don't love you anything like that
it's not that you know or that I'm
questioning the relationship or we need
more time we really don't need any more
time
besides try to do that you know so
that's it
there's a couple in here that I wanted
real yeah I would say those two let me
see maybe there since I want to know but
you have just those to me oh wait I got
me to ask you those no I think you asked
me yeah I wouldn't you ask me I know
yeah that you're giving them to me
well let me see wait what's in there I
didn't ask you
yeah I mean there's a couple in here
that I didn't know in the beginning that
I could ask her
but you guys have time
do some of that do that are we on are
you are we recording right now do you
notice that couples depending on their
length of the relationship have kind of
similar answers that's kind of similar
answers kind of are not necessarily okay
I want to go back I don't think I have
one but it's always nice and though what
what's my superset skill which we talked
about this at lunch we didn't really
touch on it I like when you're like
aggressive and you you treat me like you
said I would never treat a girlfriend
like that like maybe somebody just was
gonna hook up with look I like that like
I think it's Springs like spark in our
relationship like one you know you're
super sex kill like when you talk dirty
to me and be like I don't know you are
aggressive like kind of late yeah if you
didn't know me I think know when because
we have sex it's more of you know I mean
it doesn't always have to be so like
we're making love it could be like I
think this how that's how we've changed
though yeah the beginning were just
crazy just did whatever and tried
whatever and you know I think you're
good at that that you're good at that
like that's your sex skill you're good
at being aggressive and you know that
role treating me like I'm just a
one-night stand so I feel weird about I
like that
okay up when have I disappointed you
when have you disappointed me I mean out
have you disappointed me III think
sometimes there's things that maybe are
really important to me that you don't
realize are important to me or things
like that like like could be watching a
game honestly of something that like
maybe means a lot to me or maybe
something I went through in the past or
something like that and it's like a big
deal for me and you maybe it's not a big
deal for you and I want to share that
with you or whatever and you kind of
like oh it's another game you know or
something like that versus me you know
it might be a big deal to me but I would
say as far as disappointing me you know
this you don't really disappoint me I
think we talk about all those things you
know I mean I never like disappointed so
this
how have I changed since we first met
what do you miss about me I miss that
you remember every detail that I used to
like I would tell you you would remember
like every little thing that was like
one thing I remember we first rating I
was like wow like that's weird we're
just like write this stuff down like I
would tell you and past thing about a
story at work and how we ate this really
good Chinese restaurant and you know I
tell you about the day and like that
wasn't even the point of the story was a
Chinese restaurant
two weeks later be like remember that
really good Chinese restaurant that you
love that you had dinner at with your
coworkers I'm like how do you remember
that like I don't even remember that
like that's what I miss I do miss you
remembering all the little things you're
more observant yeah I like really
listening now I feel like we're in that
typical relationship where like I talked
to you and you're like what huh are you
talking I'm like makes sense you don't
remember that I just don't do that so
yeah I missed that the detail your
memory it was like or it is that how
I've changed yeah your memory is
ridiculous like you remember things when
you want to remember them and I feel
like then you were really making an
effort and you're remembering everything
about me everything that came into my
mouth
you like was important to you that make
sense yeah what do you remember about
the first time we met I remember
everything you remembered I mean I
remember the whole the whole day I had
noticed you for like a month before kind
of you know and then
yeah
don't make up all over my eyes yeah now
this is I'm answer this
ready yeah no I mean I remember
everything I had noticed you for like a
month before and I remember I remember
the whole day you know flipping the tire
almost on you talking to you at the
CrossFit
you know I mean I think we talked about
this before I remember everything about
that day but actually that reminded me
of a another question how have we
changed since we first met
and when we first started out we we were
talking to get I felt like we just like
you said like we were always in the
moment talking each other or whatever
and I think one of the biggest reasons
one of the biggest things we've changed
now is that whether on the phone or
Facebook or whatever it is instead of
really talking to each other really
getting you know to know each other
really you know paying attention to each
other things like that and I remember
all those nights for weeks and weeks
four five and six hours standing by the
car literally from 8:00 at night till
3:00 in the morning and just talking and
just talking and just talking you know I
never and we could continue to talk you
know you're easy to talk to you so
that's probably how I remember what I
remember most
that's probably what we've changed most
since we we made the most of that time
and now that we live together and things
like that we see each other all day long
so the first thing we do is get on the
phone or you know open up Facebook or
watch TV or we're not really we don't we
don't talk as much you know we don't
communicate as much as we did when that
is open as much you know but I remember
that's what I remember
you know just meeting you and talking to
you and long conversations that so but I
remember everything else that you'd
mentioned before too so that's it