as it turns out I was sick and the jello
didn't set anyway fruit in it and I
didn't know that you have to like drive
the fruit before you make fruit jello
it's good you didn't show up it was bad
there was one of the first things we
discuss you know it's good that you
didn't come because the jello is gross
she's so cute and such a mess hey can
you hand me a card when was the moment
you knew you loved me I think it was a
gradual thing since we were both in kind
of a messy place and you ended up going
abroad you know we were just talking on
instant messenger with a faulty
connection and I think it took a lot of
time to soak in I think it actually
ended up being really good for it mm-hmm
I don't think there was a single like a
sudden moment when I was like right now
I was a growing thing yeah I think when
I went abroad to Peru I was gone for
three weeks I was so sad I don't know if
I would have said I loved you at that
point but I think I felt it
what are your three favorite memories
that we've shared hmm Quito fest that
was hysterical and that'll show on top
of a mountain in Latin America that was
great chances our first date I thought
it was a really sweet date with the
strawberry strawberry lemonade martinis
and pretzel sandwiches by the creek
heavy movie I thought that was really
beautiful
I mean maybe Oh our wedding night when
we went back to the hotel and sat in our
underwear and counted money that was
really fun
yeah I'm just counting money in my
underwear one of those things yeah and
that's not what you know it was awesome
that was great you hand me a card when
do you feel closest to me people around
which is great or that makes sense I is
that weird on camera I have a bottle I
can bottle feed him
you
where do you hasn't hidden to tell me
I don't hesitate to tell you much I
hesitate to tell you kind of smaller
things like I'm gonna be late because
I'll be upset about it I mean in this in
this moment I I don't think I'm a I'm
hesitant to tell you anything maybe I
guess I'm hesitant sometimes to talk
about to ask you for help I'm hesitant
to do that because I don't want to seem
like I need help with him but I do and
because you're working and I'm not I
feel like I should this is the way that
I contribute so it's more like asking I
think more hesitant to do than telling I
mean yeah it's hard when I'm working but
yeah
and sometimes when I ask you to help
with him you seem like you don't want to
I'm not that's challenging for me and I
think that's where that comes from
do you feel that way like you you resist
your resistance to I think most of the
time I don't know what to do yeah I'm
not sure what's what he needs
we're learning together first time for
everything right what's the greatest
lesson I taught you learned a lot from
each other but it's hard to pinpoint I
think you were one of the first people
that really believed in the things I
wanted to do I had a lot of voices in my
life saying that you know going going
create interaction with my career didn't
make a whole lot of sense
financially and I would support a family
I think there are some voices they gave
me fear on that and I think you were one
of the first people to say not only is
that like interesting and fun but go for
it and do it I thank you I think you
constantly remind me how to be curious
and ask questions and be adventurous I
think I would tend to to stop myself
from those experiences if it weren't for
you
I like that reputation you really help
me to be more childlike and not in a bad
way but sort of like everything's new
and shiny and beautiful and you're not
afraid to ask questions even if there's
simple questions like what does that
word mean I appreciate that
how is money a conflict in our
relationship Wow why do you snort about
it well we don't have much to conflict
which almost makes it worse right
not necessarily I feel like I don't know
I feel like we don't argue too much
about money we just don't have a lot yes
I think it becomes an issue because we
we can't be independent at this
particular moment in our lives
we're just kind of crappy like watching
all of our friends buy houses or you
know move places and get real jobs like
but I'm choosing not to work like we've
chosen that so that I can be with baby
and you have a salary which is awesome
and we can live on that
can't we yeah we can we can live on that
and we make it work and I think it it's
just challenging when we can't we can't
do something we get really excited about
like mm-hmm
let's build a tiny house and drive
wherever the heck we want we can't right
now because we don't have $30,000
sitting around you know right but I
think that doesn't stop us from dreaming
and we just have to make sure that we
find the right dream to put that money
into yeah
I can answer it I don't think that money
is really gonna conflict more about what
to do so what do we do have and that's
the conflict within myself too
you know it's a means to an end and I
don't I don't have aspirations or
financial gain so much as just being
able to do things with that yeah that
are experiential you know go and road
trips visit national parks and you know
go visit other cultures and understand
it's like to be somewhere else in the
world where I've never been I appreciate
that I don't think that's common and
right the best sex you ever had
yeah good yeah you know not much to
compare it that's not really saying much
then
[Laughter]
oh yeah what do I give you that none of
your other partners did mmm freedom to
be myself that took me a long time to
learn that I could be me in relationship
with you instead of being your something
you know like I'm not your wife or your
girlfriend I am myself and I have
entered into a partnership with you and
that gives me freedom to be who I am and
define myself by my own terms
and you have never once judged that or
suffocated that part of me and I think
that's part of the reason that I fell in
love with you and that over that I knew
it would work
you know because you never you never put
pressure on me to be anything to you
other than Who I am because I felt like
who you are and I want you to be you
somebody told me once that you should
you should be you because nobody else
will be you I think it was some one of
those motivational posters in elementary
school maybe mm-hmm really so not only
am i everybody else is also do you want
to burp in
all right work me in baby huh
[Music]
when do you worry about me and why I
think I would say I was most worried
about you when we were trying to make
things work and you were in school and
also working and I could tell you her
stressed and the panic attacks really
freaked me out
yeah it's something I'm not familiar
with I don't tend towards stress so it's
it was hard to respond to and I was
worried about you yeah yeah and I see
your mom being stressed out a lot I mean
you're very different than her in some
ways but you know yeah I just hope it's
not something that ends up really
wearing on you yeah I think I had to
figure out how to balance my life and
that when I am overwhelmed that's that's
how it manifests but I think that I
think we've kind of come to a place
where it's where's the burp ah can you
grab that such as life my love dear Oh
gross that's you made a mess
okay now alright let's see if it'll sit
on my way what would make you leave me I
think if you became abusive especially
toward the baby
but I don't know if you have an abusive
bone in your body
I do what house flies out the windows
after all but I think that would be in I
would I wouldn't put up with that
shouldn't nobody should know I know what
could I do to improve our relationship
[Music]
yeah sure what to say I feel like we're
in a really good place like communicate
well we're still in love after a few
years we got this little bundle of joy
what if I stopped cleaning before bed it
does kind of bug me actually it's not
even that you clean before bed it's that
I'm expected to help you clean before
bed
indeed you are really I want to help you
with stuff but I don't want to do right
before bed that's why down time yeah but
I mean you know in the scheme of things
that's not a big thing and what that
means that much to you you know we can
clean before bed give me crap about it
anyway I'd rather wake up and have a
coffee and then clean
yeah I know is it my turn oh no it's
your turn thank you what do you think is
the hardest thing for me right now
living at my parents house not being
able to travel with your band or build
it your dream home yeah I think just
that like where we are in this moment
it's hard for you yeah I think being
patient right now it's tough ma'am
you know I have a lot of aspirations and
I feel like I'm wasting time if I'm not
making them come true I'm not working
toward them but I mean I really value
the fact that your parents took us in
and you know I think we're in a really
good place it's just a matter of waiting
for the next thing - yeah to start and
if it's not time yeah you know it's not
easy but what do you think what's the
hardest thing for you right now
well you're supposed to say what you
think the hardest thing you ever made
okay I mean you have a whole side
challenges with learning to raise him
and I've I've relied on you from that
I'm sure that's not easy
am i right is that probably what you
would say
ha yeah I think that I think a
combination of you know being learning
how to raise a baby and also not being
able to kind of move forward with my
work yeah
I'm torn about that boy you be what's in
there yeah I think so what have you
learned about me since having our son
that you didn't know before I mean I
guess I I thought you were gonna be a
great mom
but seeing you in the role is different
you know how so not that it's a bad
thing I just you know when we met and
started dating and got married it's like
I never pictured you as as mom I can't
pictured you as my love you know and I
guess growing up we have perceptions of
parents based on our parents and you
know it's just really different seeing
it somebody who I'm so close to like
stepping into that role you know can I
be both your love and the mother of your
yeah of course it's yeah it's not a
switch it's an and yeah and you have to
be dad too you know
that's sweet to see sweet to see how
much you love him
if you love you because a little place
one drill hmm yeah just let him chew on
it whatever yeah I think it's still
weird to categorize myself as dead
yeah I'm honored by the role and you
know I'm beat I'm here to find out what
its gonna be like with him as he grows
up and we both will both grow and learn
I mean that's why babies start out as
babies so the parents tough adherence
kid I figured out we just have to do
with like basic bodily functions at
first and then they get into trouble and
then we learn I think it was you know
intended for the parents not for the
babies that they start out this
do you think that we're still a good
match why or why not I do I'd absolutely
do why I think because we constantly
challenge each other we push each other
and at the same time we're very
sensitive to each other's needs and and
don't maybe pushing in places that don't
need to be pushed you know and we
communicate really well I think that's I
think that the fact that we have always
been honest and have a policy of being
honest with each other I think that that
really helps us to work through whatever
things might otherwise become barriers
between us and I think that that open
communication and and we have some
certain things in common you know that
we can go and do together like we love
to do outdoor things and to travel and
you know those those things are things
we can enjoy together but we also have
things that we do that are not together
and I think that's also healthy like I
don't need to go moshing with you and
you don't need to go to yoga with me and
that's okay because we have our we have
our separate interests was that hard at
first it was hard at first yeah at first
because remember I had to learn how to
be me mm-hmm on my own and not not just
do whatever the guy I was dating was
doing so when I didn't come to your
classes at first I was like really upset
about it I was bummed it was like why
won't he try this but then I realized
like I have absolutely no desire to be
in a mosh pit so like I can't expect you
to you know put stretchy pants on your
head if you don't want to I think I'm
break my leg yeah yeah well I think I
would break my neck if I was Martian
yeah fortunately I have them right yeah
what is the secret that you've been too
afraid to tell me and a secret have been
too afraid to tell you to think about
that I don't I don't have any secrets we
talk about a lot yeah I sort of process
verbally
[Music]
I really think I told you all my secrets
I'm not coming up with anything
I mean we met talking about a lot of
really deep stuff and I think processing
through that Puran struggles on you know
on both sides and sharing that with each
other and and slowly sort of building an
attraction afterwards um set us up for
this point where it's like we could just
talk about anything yeah without like
losing somebody who had crushes on for
years or you know yeah there was there
was so little pressure at the beginning
that we just I at least just started off
completely open and yeah and we met each
other sort of on a level plane and we
weren't I don't think we had any
expectations of each other yeah so we we
were just able to be really authentic
and genuine I don't have any secrets
from you either except maybe when I like
buy a shirt and you told me not to
really tell the secrets you've got him
sure what is your highest hope for the
future oh I think I want us as a family
to just to just be I want us as a family
to to fulfill what we're meant to do in
the world and that even if that's as
individuals or work as a unit you know
I'm not sure but whatever that is and
then I think the next step is
discovering that mm-hmm you know I think
that's what I hope that's my highest
hope just that we do what we're supposed
to do here yeah I'm excited for the
adventure
[Music]
can we take a minute and passing what
you give me - you are so distracting no
no no no wait you're cute really yeah
thank you
you
is that
we good if you could wish one thing for
me what would it be and why
I wonder with something super open-ended
so you can like it can be what it needs
to be yeah I wish I guess I would wish
fulfillment for you to feel like what
happened in life and what you got to do
and be part of was meaningful and you
got to become who you want to become and
you know see that realized so you see
the effects of what you want to do in
the world I think it's a process of
becoming for me I mean for everybody
yeah but I mean yeah yeah I wish the
same also when you when I read that
question I thought about the song you
dance with your mom at our wedding some
terrible country song that is she made
us dance to it okay ready
yep oh wait no it's your turn okay what
do you love about me that I don't see
within myself
[Music]
I think don't you see I think you're
rather astute astute and self reflective
so you see a lot of wonderful things in
yourself I think that they're I mean of
course I love your creativity and your
enthusiasm and your you know curiosity
but you know those things mmm
I think that there is something deeply
spiritual and reflective in you that you
you're sort of new glimpse you know that
you're sort of touching on right now in
your life that you have begun to explore
especially in your artwork lately but I
think that there's just something very
profound spiritually and you that you
you may not see sometimes because of all
of those other things that I love about
you know like you're so creative and
excited and enthusiastic and you're like
such a Sagittarius you know and your
puppy-dog yeah and those things might
sort of cloud that quiet space in you
that reflective spiritual place hmm I
was just telling somebody yesterday
actually mr. myson it was just telling
somebody that um I didn't grow up with a
whole lot of like quiet reflective time
as a kid it was punishment said
somewhere quiet you know I couldn't do
it which is I guess it was really
effective but as I hated that place not
doing anything I'm still hate that but I
think seeing the value that you get from
meditation and from yoga
I've realized that there is something
about that quiet space where the calm
allows you to think in a different way
and allows you to follow a thought far
enough to get to someplace you hadn't
before that's really new to me and it's
been interesting to kind of get into
that space a little bit yeah and like
you said yeah I think I think my recent
artwork has been a way to get into a
spiritual reflective meditative space
remember when you were in the hammock
and on the back porch in Baltimore and I
think you were like praying or something
and I came home from work and you said
that you really felt like God was
telling you to be still I remember
vaguely yeah I don't remember saying
that but yeah just take things like one
step at a time and be still and I think
that's something you struggle to do but
I also think that that would open up
amazing possibilities for you because
you're I think your mind works faster
than your body is able to like
accomplish things and maybe slowing it
down you would be able to bring to
fruition all of those amazing ideas and
big dreams that you have maybe that's
why I stopped short of finishing things
cuz I get too excited about the next
video yeah and maybe that's part of why
you have trouble feeling fulfilled like
things aren't finished
because they're not yeah
how is the baby changed our relationship
in a way you wish it had not something
you don't like yeah a lot of goods come
from it I mean we both love the
stuffings out of it yeah I mean we have
had less down time together because one
of us is usually busy with the baby and
that's tough to get used to you know but
practically I think that's just what
that's like you know you you have to
spend some time with him do and and I
don't I don't regret that but you know
date night is really tough that kind of
thing right exactly so they're like five
minutes at the end of the day where
we're like dude we hug today yeah yeah
that's been tough yeah it is but you
know I think overall we're gonna have
more joy and more laughter and and more
fun you know then we might have thought
to have on our own
even though I might wish to have more
time alone with you without a baby
screaming without you needing a nurse or
me picking up whatever you drop you know
even though I might wish that I'd that's
not stronger than then the flip side of
being glad that he's here and glad that
we're where we are in life it's a good
perspective I think
nobody said it was easy right do i
hender the dreamer in you why am I not
thanked you focus the dreamer I think I
think you find interest or value in in
some of those thoughts or those aspects
of my personality but I tend not to be
very good about kind of arranging things
and organizing and planning and making
decisions based on logic rather than
just jumping because I want to and you
know I need somebody that can be like if
you want to do that you should do this
this and this because ya look weird
that's gonna be said you know and that's
a tough thing for me to do for some
reason so no I I don't think you hinder
the dreamer at all I mean that I think
you helped me think about how to make
those dreams effective which is I think
something that like it's really honoring
it makes me feel like you care about me
and what I hope for and sometimes I
worry I wouldn't say you hold me back
hold you down
you got a face what's that one say what
is your best and worst childhood memory
that's so hard to pick the best pick the
worse than like I'm thinking of all
these things that come to mind when I
had a great childhood but I think one of
the coolest moments in my memory is each
summer would spend a week at my
grandparents house down by the
Chesapeake Bay and they had a little
rowboat and my brothers and I would get
in the rowboat and it was actually only
a two-seater but the three of us would
jump in and we'd paddle across the creek
and go exploring we made buoys out of
bottles with bobbers on them and we
called the other side of the section of
the bay we called it Treasure Island and
I felt like an explorer you know there
was a cliff and we couldn't get up it so
we didn't know what was up there and it
was always very mysterious and
interesting anyway at one point we went
down to the dock and it was later in the
afternoon and the storm is coming and
the Sun was setting and this guy was
really weird pink big dark clouds coming
towards us and the water there was
glassy flat and it could see ripples
coming from further away closer and
closer and then suddenly this wall of
air hit us and you know like like a step
back and the hair grew back and gary was
there my younger brother was there and
we were both like that was the weirdest
thing ever and just have this little
laugh about it there's something about
that that seems really profound that I
don't quite understand that kind of
sticks out I mean I have memories
playing kickball with my dad and he'd
let us ride in his lawnmower with him
well you played kickball one time you
took a kickball and I asked him how high
you could punted I asked him if he could
punch it through the clouds and he said
well let's see and he took the kickball
and kicked it as high as he could I felt
like it disappeared you know he's a
little kid it went so high
and he doesn't he doesn't kind of
indulge yeah and in silly things like
that much anymore and that was one of my
favorite memories with him yeah it's
what about the flipside worse than me
I can I can think of two points probably
that really stick out when I was
depressed in high school and and it got
to the point I didn't I decided I didn't
want to live fortunately my intentions
didn't work out or come true and I'm I'm
happy to be here but that was that that
was the lowest I've ever been
and then the girls dating in high school
we've been together for about a year and
a half probably we decided to break up
for a little while and see how it was
with things apart and so I didn't take
her to prom that year she went to her
best friend's prom in a different School
District with the best friend's brother
as a date and that night he raped her
and when I think when she told me that
and I saw I saw kind of brokenness I
hadn't seen before that was a real
little point for me too and they think
you know we ended up dating after that
again for another year or so and I
always kind of worried about it with
that you can't really I don't want to
bring it up yeah we really talked but
and I've met other people that have been
through that sense you know and
I feel like I've been able to respond a
little more intentionally to those
people you're uniquely positioned I
think to speak profoundly to people who
have experienced that kind of depth of
depression and like sexual violence I
think they that you're really able to
speak to those people in a gentle way an
understanding way that a lot of people
can't that's beautiful I think those
experiences I mean we all have
experiences that form us and shape us
and uniquely position us and those are
yours yeah I wish that of anybody you
know and you know you're the first
person who told me it wasn't my fault
maybe that's my I couldn't believe
something hadn't told you it was
supposed to be
why do you love me why do I love you how
long do we have here I just love that
we're on the same page about so many
things and you've you've always been
caring and sensitive and interested you
know your creativity and your confidence
is inspiring I think the way you're
opening minded and the way you generally
genuinely care about me I feel like I
can say anything and we could just talk
through it you know that's an amazing
place to be it's great to be loved
let's go get our baby back yeah