okay
do your best impression of me clean this
is when you think about the first time
we met what do you remember the joy of
being a parent being your father
experienced a live birth cutting that
umbilical cord and seeing you was like a
dream come true for me that you know I
wanted to have a child and I was how old
was I
39 no can't even think do math see I
would have everyone thank you 38 don't
you think so
38 at 38 years old at my first child
hmm it's a great memory
oh my god what's your favorite memory
from childhood with me when we when you
took me to see Mallory oh I don't know
how old it I think it was like 8 and I
remember I had like a gymnastics
competition
I think the same day and I did choose
the mama Mia
or the competition and so we went and it
was the Puerto Rican Day Parade
you're like dragging me through the
crowd and it was so good the show and
then after like at the end they do like
the big number and you like pushed me
out into the aisle and I went right to
like the front where the stage was and I
remember one of like everyone looking
back at the audience and like everyone
was watching the show and like it's just
like just like captured by it and I look
at you when you're like looking at me
and just like smiling and I always
remember that when you look back at the
crowd and saw their reaction to the play
did you did that help influence your
decision that you wanted to be an
actress yeah I think whenever I see like
a live performance it just like ignites
that spark like just the feeling of just
I don't know I'm just being there and
like what it can do for people and the
joy it brings I think it always I don't
know reignite that fire it was a good
time it wasn't so frothy
when do you feel closest to me
well I feel close to you all the time
you and if you're not even if we're not
under the same roof I feel like there's
a connection no matter where you are I
just always feel connected but when
we're alone I mean I could feel close to
you for watching the Bachelorette for
the car coming down here I just feel
close like I don't it's weird like we
could be in the car and not talk but I
just feel like we're having a
conversation yeah no I actually was
thinking that the dad almost only creepy
you know so I just say we have like that
connection no I was actually thinking
that when we drove down like it was
silent but it was just like you didn't
have to really be talking to make it it
wasn't just not weird to me
so when I look in the mirror what do you
think is the first thing I criticize
well your weight and I think because
it's something we both struggle with and
still struggle with and probably always
will struggle with so I think that that
is something I don't know like one of
your demons that you still fight I think
that that's another reason also with the
back to the close question why I feel
really close to you is like you also
understand another part of me like the
stealing body image and yeah I think
that your weight maybe that one bald
spot what if I just took my shirt off
right now hmm why do you think I'm
beautiful for me I don't see your beauty
on the outside as much as I see it on
the inside I think you're I mean yes
yeah you're beautiful on the outside but
I've had the privilege of seeing your
beauty for 21 years you've always just
had a natural beauty that just everybody
just magnetic to you know what I mean no
matter who you met nobody's ever said a
bad word about sound like me everybody
you know I think your beauty comes out
so natural that everybody gets it and
you seriously if you ever met somebody
who's like you that didn't like you or
like you know when you met somebody
you've always had somebody so I your
beauties you know you're more beautiful
on the inside I mean you know what I
mean but that's where your that's the
beauty I've always seen
what is something I don't see or
understand about you it's not a lot I
feel like you feel like I'm really open
about everything you don't understand
Oh
Oh probably just I don't know you
probably don't I mean we have different
ways of like the way we like to like I'm
like I don't it doesn't bother me like
there's a fork left in the sink or my
clothes are on the floor I think just
stuff like that it's just things you
don't understand like how like if I
leave the car kind of dirty like that
stuff doesn't really bother me but you
like things like very like clean and
taken care of because I don't really
know I feel like there's nothing else
that we really like don't understand or
you don't really understand about me
[Music]
I don't know feel like you understand
pretty much everything
what are you hesitant to tell me
hmm
how guilty I feel about you being
overweight struggling while you wait
your life I feel like I'm a big cause of
it you know
the way I'm the way I am I never broke
my habits and I passed my bad habits on
to you I live with that like every day
there's no question that would be the
main thing you know I carry a lot of
guilt around about that and I also carry
a lot of guilt around that you had such
a great childhood that who's ever
responsibility it was about going
through a divorce and having a broken
family you know that I just feel really
guilty about all that I feel like I
threw a wrench into your life like you
know I pulling the trigger even the poor
thing yeah look situation is a situation
but he's still you know it's like I want
to always like keep reiterating like how
sorry I am about that or how sorry I am
about the parenting skills maybe you
know when it comes to like you know
healthier lifestyle I'm a verb like
blame do you though or like thought or
with like I'm this way because if I am
like I never well maybe not it's not you
it's it's like that's I think that's
more in me mm-hmm but you gotta admit
you know I mean I've been in the
restaurant business my whole life I have
you I've had you around restaurants and
you know
crying but I just like some Itza like
you know it's all you understand so yeah
it's kind of fucked up if you really
think about it yeah what is the pain in
me you wish you could heal
pain and you probably just like regrets
that you have about maybe like your the
way your dad treated you growing up
maybe like things or would be different
or maybe like you would have a better
image about yourself or like be more
positive about yourself if he was if you
had a different father but the one thing
I gotta say oh I know you know what I'm
gonna say I think if if he wasn't he
wasn't like that I don't think I'd be
the father I am today yeah that's the
thing yeah because all the way oh it's
the what I always take out of it you
know that's I always just feel like that
I have a relationship I have with you
you know with you guys that you know
it's a strong relationship I mean I
wonder I don't know it's like he didn't
like if it was a great father I made
like that extra effort to be a better
father mm-hmm and my brother to I think
I took Jackson no you know great dad
yeah I wonder if we'd be the way we are
if we didn't have that for a role model
that and then oh like that and then also
like we were just talking about how like
you have guilt over the way things
happened
or like the way the family was broke or
whatever had happened like it's it's not
on you like it was just the way things
happened and I don't know I mean it
wasn't fun and it like wasn't really
like I don't know I just feel like we
wouldn't be where we are like you
wouldn't have in the relationship we do
if it all hadn't happened so in a way
it's kind of like
a blessing bish I guess what do you wish
had never been a part of our experience
moving I think moving was was was a big
mistake you know just I mean that move
when we moved from Jersey to Vermont was
I think the biggest was one of the
biggest mistakes I ever made
why I don't know I just
we had a good base in Jersey you know
what I mean I'm just I don't know it's
hard to like look back and like you know
about the the moves he made because when
it all came out in the wash you know
things are looking okay now you know
what I mean things look better now as
far as I'm concerned than they've looked
in a long time even when I was married
for me on a personal level on a business
level a family level I think I got great
relationship with you know I mean I feel
like I'm close with all everybody you
know all the kids now now then I was
when we're all living under the same
roof
oh yeah you know what I mean it's just
like you were working all the time I
know when I'm working all the time now
but it's it's different yeah it's just
different it is I mean it's different
it's just so I don't know I mean it was
a lot of low points you know that move
though was detrimental you know what I
mean but yeah but it's what it is what
it is
thought was like right at the time yeah
what was the moment that you felt the
most scared for me Oh
[Music]
back in November 2nd 2015 when you had
like or whatever you thought it was we
all thought it was a heart attack
basically because I was at work as a the
prospector and like I got a call from
this like random number and I called it
back and they're like over at the fire
station like we just took you dad to the
hospital we think he's having a heart
attack and I was like hi like a joke and
they're like no like sorry and they were
so vague about it and then also everyone
is texting me and like calling me like
from work and Lindsay's freaking out
saying like look like the Nicole was
basically like like you had one foot in
the grave was the way she was like
making it seem so I like left work and I
was driving home and I have never had a
panic attack but I actually had to pull
the car over cuz I was gonna throw up
and just like hysterical the whole way
to the hospital freaking out like I just
don't but I've never been that like like
I thought you were dead like I thought
that was it
and it's like scary because you still
get those attacks sometimes so like you
never know when like it's gonna be the
one in the last half the last one and I
think it was just scary because like I
don't that's not something I even like
to have anywhere in my mind like I never
like like I never think about I never
been like consider the thought of like
living without you like you're not
having in my life like so - like all the
sudden like it's just like I feel like
it's already it's happening and I'm like
not ready and what the fuck I'm doing
I just remember when I was sick back in
Jersey big when I we don't remember that
I have a problem way mewn system that's
what like stands out in my mind you
didn't know what was going on you were
little
yeah I was on all that meds and I was a
mess I was driving to Philadelphia that
was the only place I treated it oh yeah
vaguely but I thought that was shingles
no and you asked me you you would have
been maybe nine or ten and he said you
asked me was wrong and I told you I was
sick I was I'm and you started to like
cry a little bit and couldn't look me in
the eye and you turned he said is it
fatal
[Laughter]
is it fatal you're looking out the
window crazy
with smoke and I get hit by the guy
delivering a second watch hmm if you
could change one thing about how you
raised me what would it be and why I
don't want to make the song I know a
meeting over
[Laughter]
I think about raising you I don't think
I would change anything about raising
you I think though when I made a move I
would have moved you near family like
maybe you know what I mean to be around
family a little bit yeah particularly my
sister I think that would have been a
great move to move to the Midwest
there's just a great I mean it's this
family backbone everywhere but seems
like the Midwest has a strong family
thing going on there and that would have
been a that would have been a good move
when you guys were little to move that
I'm in I mean I don't see me in the
Midwest that's the only thing I'm an
East Coast guy but to have you guys
around family a little bit more we mean
you guys basically grew up with our
family around you yeah that is weird
yeah no family I mean I'm lucky I got
friends you know and you know my friends
are like family you know what I mean and
their wives and stuff like that that
that all stepped up to the plate you
know what I mean even in you know
whether it was Jersey or you know up
here in Connecticut I mean they they all
you know but that's one thing I wish I
would have done is maybe raise you guys
around family there's nothing that like
you wish you had I just you know a
healthier lifestyle and I get back to
that again no I you know I don't have I
think they're like the way you were
raised you know I think there was a
pretty solid foundation the foundation
cracked you know as the years went on
but had a good you know I think you had
a pretty good upbringing yeah
how can I be a better father to you
[Music]
you're already amazing I want to be
better
[Music]
I think just by like example like I like
you I think that you could be a better
father by being like better to yourself
because like I watch you fall into your
habits and they're like you know like
not really you under in the career in
the car one time and I put up on the
mirror like this thing that says like
love yourself or something and you're
like you know I loved myself like I feel
like just like taking better care of
yourself like like like yeah
[Laughter]
I know what you're gonna say what do you
think is preventing me from becoming the
person I want to become
Wow that's a great question
I think you have a fear of success like
I think you see like like you don't want
to be happy because maybe people around
you aren't happy so it's kind of weird
roundabout way that that maybe you've
also be like I think part of you're
hesitant like pursue what you want to
pursue and do what you want to do I
think that a part of you sees like I'm
not happy what I'm doing and maybe I
didn't follow things that I wanted to do
and maybe you have a fear of in a crazy
way not not being successful doing what
you want to do I think that's kind of
holding holding your back I don't think
it's anything about anything else we
talked about I really feel like I don't
know if that sounds strange enough you
understand what I'm saying
yeah like self-sabotage self-sabotage
yeah I think it's maybe like partly that
and also just like like just like if
what if I like attempt it and then like
nothing comes out of it and then it's
all like I wasted so much time and
nothing came out of it or like like I
went to school for acting and everything
but then what if like I go or start like
attempting it and then I'm like I hate
this or like I'm not good and I'm never
gonna like I know but we had this
conversation before we had yet another
person in the family that you know paid
for them to go to school to be a child
psychologist that somebody in the family
had a mental breakdown now she's a
dental hygienist you understand yes sir
yeah whatever they call yeah so that's
what I mean it's you know but you gotta
I don't see me like you're more afraid
to be successful than you are to be a
failure that's what I feel you know what
I mean
so I don't that that hasn't stopped you
before I don't know what's holding you
back now like there's just something
that's got a grip on you that you can't
seem to let go you need to let go you
give a shit about the money or the
school I don't care about that kind of
stuff yeah I don't know you shouldn't be
feeling about that you should just you
know do it but it is also about money I
think because like I feel bad that you
have to like support me that's in your
head it's a parent's job really yep I
know but I'm your bridge to wherever
you're going you understand so you
should be taking advantage now all I
could do it okay what would you be doing
that heart attack was for real I was
dead what would you be doing myself you
know what I mean what would you be doing
if I wasn't you know I know I think
about that sometimes like I that scares
me a lot because like I have no idea
what I would be doing I know but you and
half the country that everybody in your
age people all everybody's floundering
till they find out what they want to do
but you got to try it to see - whew
that's right thing you need to like try
things or rule them out and then you
know instead of like you know could of
what it should have or you know you know
this is you know your time is now don't
like make a move and try something do
something with me
what do you think is the hardest thing
for me right now definitely being in a
place you don't want to be and like we
talked about this how you feel like like
you not I mean you work 80 hours a week
whatever it is you were crazy amounts of
a week at work and like you have to do
though be like for all the loans and
Luton and Lindsay going to school and
just like daily stuff and like it's not
like it's like work it's hard work
people your age like are retired and
vacation vacation let me go down to
Yonkers and change my uncle's : beg but
like that it was a vacation yeah
Connecticut go down in Yonkers go see
Uncle Frank yeah change the sheets what
do you think is the hardest thing for me
right now
yeah so I think just being like feeling
like trapped in a sense cuz I don't
think any of us like Connecticut besides
I mean Lindsey has friends but I feel
like we all would rather be
Connecticut's beautiful it's nice there
it's just different you know what I mean
mines being malleable I was a malleable
everybody said you lived in mal yeah I
mean it's great place but just ya know I
mean I'm a Jersey guy yeah so like when
we're in Jersey like those are my people
my people yeah so I think that's I mean
Connecticut's been good to us I know
that's I mean it's been good to us got
great friends there it got great you
know a lot of good things happen in
there just it's not home I feel like
we're in like this limbo there because
like we've moved so much so like we're
here but I know we're not staying where
we're at like I know we're at least
moving two more times so it's like
we're like we still have things boxed up
and like you're sleeping on the couch
and a lot of people have a lot of worse
than us no I know but I'm just mean like
I think we're like in this limbo almost
we're like we're not we're no we're not
staying but we're like stuck kind of
right now I think that's what stuff is
you working mostly but the stability is
a little rocky look yeah and it's tough
also because a lot of people have to in
like in comes whereas like you're
supporting and you've been supporting me
and Lindsey for however many years like
by yourself so
what do you hope /c for my future I hope
you meet a guy like me that know that
will take care of you love you
unconditionally you know what I mean I
think I'm a good guy alone you know I'm
old school yeah you know like I'm a
family guy you know I mean I'd love to
see you have kids you know just settle
down you know and I hope you find
whatever career that you know that dream
that you want I'd love to see you follow
your dream you know that you always
wanted but if that's not what it is I
hope you find something that you love to
do and get paid to do it you know I
think that's the you know that's to be
the best thing to find something you
really love doing and you know not going
through the motions you know and you get
then you get paid to do it
but I mean I see you settled down event
you know someday and you know happily
married you'll being a great mom you
know a good wife good aunt to your
siblings kids I think families you know
I see you in Jersey I see you down there
being around your sister who has one kid
and one on the way you know I see you
like you know that's what I see and
that's what I hope for you because I
think that's where you're happy the most
is you know in that element I think your
friends would your childhood friends or
never leave in that area of Jersey
they're always going to be there so that
that's where I hope you and
when were you proudest of me
there's so many I'm trying to take what
I think I was why I'm always proud of
you but um I think when I think I don't
know what maybe like last year I don't
know maybe like two years ago or
something I don't know hey let me keep
bringing this up like it was really feel
like okay but when you were really like
taking care of yourself I was really
proud of you like you went to the gym
everyday and we were eating good and we
both lost like pretty good amount of
weight and you seemed like just the
happiest you've been I think we're in
Connecticut I think it was Berek hell-oh
when we bring up like the five mile hill
we didn't know it so probably like then
when you just were like taking time to
be well and care for yourself and put in
that time and effort that you put into
everyone else around you like you were
for once like taking care of yourself
and I think like it was really inspiring
for me like seeing you do it I was like
well I can do it you know yeah I just
want to see you like so uncomfortable
now to sit here talk about like a couple
years ago I would really you know we're
into them to care of ourselves and yeah
a couple years later why did we stay
with it I don't know that's our problem
like why can't we ever like we always
ask why Germans book he talks about that
hitting that plateau I'm telling you
that was a key thing when I read its key
thing yeah but we both have always like
this is where I like I'm following your
footsteps we're like we will be like for
a good amount of time be like really
healthy working out lose a bunch of
weight and then something happens and we
just stopped and then we go back to
everywhere or more
whenever sixty years yeah yeah so I feel
like I mean I just like seeing you okay
like I like seeing you well and happy
and confident I think that's what scares
me also is that like I know everyone
dies at some point like that's the way
life goes
but I'm always I think what I'm scared
of the most is that you're gonna pass at
some point because of a reason you could
have you could have like controlled like
you could have like just I mean but the
whole heart attack scared like if you
were to pet like pass away because of
like your weight like that's what scares
me something that you just didn't like
you didn't care enough about yourself to
like make sure you were okay so oh both
we're both supposed to answer but both
oh I had a couple of bolts on my own and
what that minute meets here I didn't
even process it till now okay all right
why do you love me
that's weird it's not the love I love
everything about you you just you're
just the I don't know just very lovable
no you're getting here you're like a
magnet you really are I mean like I said
before everybody loves you and I have
the honor of being your father
so I mean you're just you're genuine
there's nothing phony about you caring
just you know what all this shit going
on in the world today and magic the
world was filled with people like you
you know I mean I mean it would just be
a great you know it would be a great
world to live in
I mean you see how I am with front you
know I have friends that I love you know
what I mean so to have my child be that
special I mean it's you know I've always
felt like that you just always always
been easy fellow
why do I love you I love you
[Music]
[Laughter]
just like the best person I know you're
just my favorite person I feel like I
don't know I mean you're the person I'm
closest to and I just feel like we get
each other I'm like uh you know like I
think you said once that we I'm living
your life female version I don't know
you're just I mean Who I am is because
of you so the same reasons you love me
or exactly why I love you
we just rock creepy the things that
we're David it's really actually creepy
then you'll insist I can't even get a
dog