are we connected
what is your favorite childhood memory
so far and why um I think um and fourth
grade when we came to New York and it
was my birthday and you took me to see
the Harry Potter's of it with all the
props and clothes and stuff from the
movies that was really fun that was
really fun
and we all got sorted yeah houses that
was super fun what do you remember from
the first time we met well I remember
that you were the quickest easiest birth
ever two pushes
there you are I remember that you were
very healthy and pink and that you were
so long your you were a long skinny new
baby some of new babies are you know
kind of compact but you were just so
stretched out and we called you a noodle
and that nickname stuck for quite a long
time and I just remember that you had
almost like strawberry blonde fuzz on
your head and I thought maybe you'd be a
redhead but you're not a redhead and I
just remember holding you and loving you
and telling you hello and that I was
your mom and that your name was Lila no
does it matter loved you and I still
love you
what is your favorite thing to do with
me and why I don't know because I just
being with you because you're my mom and
I don't know okay
what do you think I want from life I
think you want everything from life and
actually I'm actually very certain that
you want everything from life you want
it's amazing everything you do is like
so full you teach yourself all the
things you want to learn and then you go
to school you make the most of school
you you just do so and you do extra you
do the fundraising you do the human
rights awareness stuff you do the magic
stuff it's incredible
and I think you want that I think you
want all of that all the time
what's the greatest lesson I taught you
I think when we were watching the news
one time you teach me a lot of lessons
when we watch the news um when there's
like bad stuff that happens um so stuff
like wait if you meet a person don't go
home with them or anything right away
get to know them first
um and stuff like that I'm glad you're
listening that makes me happy
what did you learn from your parents
that you wish you could forget that
stuff matters your Grammy is a lovely
lady but she does enjoy this stuff more
than the experience sometimes so it took
me a while to really realize that that
was kind of the wrong path how can I be
a better mom
don't worry about hurting my family
that's a hard question I know yeah
I don't know maybe not like argue okay
with you whatever okay well that will
depend on the situation but I will bear
it in mind okay
what have I done or what happened to me
that scared you the most
oh my god I knew that you fell from the
monkey bars and fractured three
vertebrae ya scared the crap out of me
for a long time yeah I'm scared me too
yeah I was a hard hard few weeks when
you were right after your injury but
look at you you're amazing
Wow what moments did you feel I
abandoned you
[Music]
I don't think I've ever felt that she
has that you have okay
well that settles that thank goodness
what have you learned for me that
changed you well so a few things let me
think
well how I want to answer it um to be
grateful I'm gonna need one second so I
don't lose it
don't
okay to be grateful because when you
broke your back and we were so scared my
all of my energy went to worry and
instead of so all that worrying all the
time can make you crazy
so as your recovery continued I couldn't
keep thinking that way so I started to
consciously try to turn my thoughts
around to turn the worry into gratitude
and just be grateful that you were going
to me instead of worrying that you
weren't okay at the moment and also in
addition to that it taught me that it's
really important that when someone is
sick or injured or having a hard time in
some way that it's important to really
understand that even though the
circumstances have somehow changed the
person in those circumstances is still
his or her self so to not see people
through the lens of an injury or a
disability or a diagnosis just see them
for who they are
if you could change one thing about me
what would it be and why
okay I'm not gonna answer I know about
because I don't know what do you think
you missed out on me what do you think
you missed out on by becoming a parent
nothing I answered this one with it'd be
bit too and being a parent is a choice
so anything that I've missed out on I've
missed out on because I chose to miss
out on it what do you think I'm learning
from you maybe to like
uh try more things right yes because you
told me like when you were my age and
stuff you didn't go and try a lot of
things um but you said now I'm in like
the student council stuff and I do
guitar and piano and sports and magic
and stuff like that um so yeah that's
true when do you think I take I take you
for granted
why so I know sometimes I probably do
and I think it's generally when I need
Aviva to have company and entertainment
and I rely on you to be helpful in that
regard and I often don't thank you for
it so thank you
what are you hesitant to tell me
no a lot of stuff I know we talk about
everything
yeah I guess nothing yeah that's not a
relevant question what's the hardest
thing about being a mom um I answered
this with Aviva to but basically to let
you guys explore the limits of your
selves without being afraid for you and
yeah and just letting you be without
fear or anxiety or anything what do you
think is special about our relationship
[Music]
we have fun together and stuff we do
yeah what's the biggest sacrifice you've
made that I haven't account
acknowledged um it's the same answers
before I became a mom because I chose to
become a mom and so nothing is really a
sacrifice because it's everything I do
is based around the choice I made by
having children and making them a
priority so no sacrifices just you guys
are my priority and that is that what do
you think are my best qualities as a
mother
um well you're carrying your loving and
you help us when we're sick and stuff so
like helpful um but you're also fun
stuff so
when do you worry about me and why um
when do I worry about you well all the
time and never all the time because
that's just what parents do and never
because I know you are capable of so
much do you think you'll be a good
mother and why that depends if I have
kids um but if I do probably because um
I'm a pretty caring person and parents
have to be caring so mm-hmm I think
you'll be a great mom what are you
worried about for me in my future I
worry that if you explore the path of
being a human rights advocate and an
attorney that you'll put yourself in
situations that are very dangerous but
like I said before I worry about
everything and nothing because I know
you can handle it
Jesus this is a loaded one I don't even
know if she's gonna know how to answer
this what's the pain in me you'd like to
heal yeah I don't know yeah I don't
think you've know either how am I most
like you and how does that scary um I
don't think the ways you're like me
scare me I know you value your privacy
just like I value mine oh um I know that
you you love to read and that's
something you'll carry with you forever
it's it's a joy you're a good friend you
love having fun you're loving you're
thoughtful I mean those are all things
and I mean some of those are daddy too
but I think the way is that you're most
like me are in your introspection and I
think that's great and also you have my
eyes and that's great too
is it it's mine yes
how do you describe me to others as my
mom that's it like cher or Madonna mom
yeah
one word yeah how do you describe me to
others as my daughter the brave brave
and smart and funny and fearless that's
those are generally the adjectives I use
smart occasionally I I slip the word
gorgeous in there but yeah all of those
things
why do you love me cuz you're my mom and
without you oh it'll be here right and a
great person and I think any person -
yeah and what's the one thing you love
about me most if you had to change if
you had to choose one thing oh my god
I can't I love everything about you I
can't choose one thing as impossible
so everything even even the frustrating
stuff even when I don't know even when
you're unhappy or frustrated and you
start arguing I still love you I love
that about you
because it shows me that you're non
complacent and that's that's a good
thing even when it's not a good thing so
so I love everything about you
if you could have another child would
you if it was maybe six or seven years
ago yes but right now no no absolutely
not
and the only way I ever would was if as
if it would be guaranteed to be healthy
completely healthy but there are no
guarantees in life so no
would you want me to have a fourth baby
not really okay good oh yeah yeah yeah