that's not it it's super close it was
pretty close I need the rest of my
clothes we're going to get to that point
I know it's really sweaty it's really
humid outside she's fixing me okay
fixing me okay
[Laughter]
okay was that 30 I know I was trying to
count but then I lost count
okay yeah hmm all right what do you
remember about the first time we met in
detail
dude the first time we met I feel like I
have to tell the leader right
maybe yes probably quickly but I think
I'm more interested to know you're
exactly my emotional feeling great well
there were many days in which the two of
us had been obviously incorrectly
identified as one another yeah at
nauseam and so by the time the moment
arrived which was literally if I recall
correctly at a giant party in France
where we literally bumped into the backs
of one another mm-hmm that's how I
remember it
so it wasn't we were inside of the
conference and somebody brought you past
me I was like oh this is Tamara I can't
remember who it was
okay see in my mind I'm like it was like
I'm dancing we're drinking there was
that I weren't this party and I back up
and I got right there you don't remember
but like in fairness it was probably a
few hours later okay not a big gap in
difference and I remember in the moment
though that I met you thinking this is
the girl that I heard about and I'm
either gonna love her we're gonna be
arch-nemesis forever you know to mine
I'm reading you and you're reading me
and then suddenly I saw you smile where
I smiled first whatever happened in
whatever order I knew that it was
instantaneous like okay yeah no cuz I
didn't have that right away because you
don't remember when we first actually
met which was when somebody introduced
inside of this conference and I was like
oh that's her how can so many people
take
for one another it's got piercing their
face I don't like I'm a totally unique
human being but yeah just because I
thought you were like definitely like an
upgraded version of me because our from
our friend Tom would like planted that
in my ad it's like immediately jealous
we're exactly the same we even look like
but you just dressed better how do you
describe me to others um a force to be
reckoned with yeah of course can't go
without mentioning the aforementioned
style that you have that I don't
and that you're very like the best
friend I've ever had obviously and super
loving super supportive yeah those are
the main things I say ask me that
question
how would you describe these people who
asked you I do and I do often because
your name comes up all the time because
you are my life partner my best friend
forever from the past ten years and she
is one of the most intelligent people
that I know and she yeah and she is
that's nice
amazing and awesome and one of the best
friends I've ever had in that she is
somebody that I look to to compare
myself to you in terms of the friend
that she has to other people yeah I've
said that I wouldn't have thought that
really though you're good at it you're
really good at being a friend I think
you're better at it I do I really do
honestly okay go do your best impression
of me God you can't make your clothes
turn black Wow
we're to start from Denver from Denver
thanks a lot
you're so deadpan funny I can't even
like imitate it it's just I know your
wit is way better than mine it's true
yeah it is true sorry
okay hurry that I can't do a better
impression it's good enough for me
all right you go okay right it's my turn
what do you think you would find if you
went through my phone right now
Oh a billion Pinterest's of berries you
told me started with a lot of like
bookmarks online shopping for shoes that
you want and things like that but also a
lot of really nice notes to your family
you talked to your family
way more than I do makes me feel guilty
yeah I mean lots more more I would say
valuable communications between family
and mine are probably a lot more like
not really relevant vacations would you
be various friends right so I would ask
you to sing well ask me doctor I'm gonna
ask what do you expect to find my phone
well yeah I mean you gifts jokes emojis
I said because you are really good at
staying in touch with lots of people
yeah nigeria's are two emojis
but you're good at that and I'm not I
feel like there's probably innumerable
friendship thread group conversations
one or two of which I'm a part of for
sure yeah our homies from London and our
Brooklyn homies for sure like we are
currently in an ongoing communication
saga of plans for the weekend and
whatever but I think that in general I
you're right I am talking to my family a
lot more than I am friends typically so
there's like loads of that yeah with
your phone it's gonna be like you're
just like jokes words with friends dicta
to candy crush a shameful number away 8
million badges in Foursquare okay I
think it's your turn
no wait
Oh what was the trip that connected us
the best in why that's a great question
we have had the pleasure as best friends
in the fortune really of being able to
see the world together yeah we met and
if I weren't in France yeah you know we
lived in London together we live in
Berlin together we've lived in New York
together we travel is in our blood and
as a result I wouldn't call it a trip
because often we were in in place
already that was for yeah yeah that just
yeah yeah but for me even though we just
went to Croatia and that was amazing
that's good I would say for me the one
that makes that was the most important
to me would be my 30th birthday
yeah yeah we rented a house well
money back up me and our mutual friend
Cal rented a mansion in the UK and I
didn't think you were gonna make it
and of course yeah it's like my 30th
birthday and I'm super bonded you know
Here I am with all of our mutual friends
and England having this amazing time
indoor swimming pool like the works like
everything's gonna be great
mmm and my best friend's not here and so
of course that was in the back of my
mind the entire time I felt like you
were there with me in spirit and then
the second day rolls around and I'm
literally in the swimming pool with a
glass of champagne
with Cal my other 30th birthday comrade
and I look up in a day's swimming bowl
and I see this person fully clothed
walking through the door and then
running and jumping I am and I had not
showered it was an overnight flight
apologize
I'm so confused just because I didn't
know who it was and I'm with my
champagne am I gonna happen in and then
your head pops up out walk process it
it's amazing so for me that was such an
amazing pivotal like friendship moment
because you found a way to pull it
together get on a plane surprise me keep
it a secret but like really like wow
like blue blew me away and it was so
important you're right I'm glad that we
had one cuz there's a lot there's a lot
of trips there you're turning
oh my god this is awful
you gonna bother much all right what's
the dumbest thing you've seen me do
drunk oh the dumbest thing oh my god I
want to think of something amazing right
now
I feel like there's probably been a time
when you were like no my records we got
to get my records uh insisting they were
somewhere they weren't or yeah something
along the lines of losing property and
not actually knowing what happened to it
but thinking that you know what happened
to it I feel like there's something like
that
maybe a few things like that sorry I
don't know you you you tend to get
sometimes a little aggro when you're
drunk so some high kicks that maybe went
too far too high maybe maybe like a
little bit too physically aggressive in
a dance setting I would say that that's
probably happened a few times that's
kind of your STIs too high high kick
yeah absolutely
we're not counting like guys and this
right no no I would say it's a pretty
fair assessment to say that most of the
guys that have been involved in my life
when I was drunk we're stupid yeah you
said it I didn't Oh what do I do men
annoys you
hmm hmm it's a tough one because we've
been friends for so long we've lived
together for so long on and off now
three countries over the course of ten
years on and off that I think we've
learned to really choose our battles and
there are just things that yeah but I
definitely know what you so I know I
know okay let me think okay what annoys
me about you well I was annoyed
yesterday when he told me you didn't
like the scent of my Palo Santo incense
I know what annoys me this is so stupid
it's meaningless but you always have
your travel bag hanging on the tire I
knew that are you traveling make up your
mind it's like I think tably knew that
was driving you crazy every crazy
fucking knew it
I've never said anything though I know
you have it I'm gonna move it I'm gonna
move it I am okay yeah I figure out how
to work to do my toothpaste it's a
conundrum I don't even know there's in
closet what yeah that's a real thing no
that's seriously like there's nothing
major I mean what annoys me about myself
is when I see you able to just relax and
be laid back and have a really good time
and give zero fucks and I am uptight
sometimes and have a really hard time
getting out of my head and just letting
loose so that's not an annoyance with
you it's an annoyance with myself right
because I can see how easily you can go
there see how easily I can lay in a
couch for six hours it is fucking
amazing it's a talent it is a talent
yeah there's an acquired skill set that
I have yet to get that eyes you'll get
there all right yeah just have to stop
exercising
[Laughter]
super easy speaking of bathrooms yeah
right your thing won't close why does it
your it's the thing your mer cited just
never closes every time probably close
it product every time okay yeah just
that nope now that's that literally
there with them both it wouldn't have
five-foot radius of each other that's
amazing what's your secret go-to weapon
and cheering me up that I'm not aware
that you're using
great question distraction I mean just
like changing the subject like mm-hmm
I don't know just not letting not
letting your obvious annoyance or bad
mood or something bad that you're
feeling if you're sad or if you're upset
just kind of even though I've heard you
and I've processed it I just don't
process it on the outside like I just
don't think it helps you to like get
into that hole with you know right I
don't and I just move it on to something
else because it's ultimately that's what
you need and want I think there's lots
of just but lots of cheering up weapons
that we both use it we're aware of
cheese cheese wine wine cheese chocolate
chocolate standard Game of Thrones games
and Dateline it's way more Dateline than
anything I am happy to share that with
the world
don't care okay I told everyone now Oh
God
when I look in the mirror what do you
think is the first thing I criticize
well that's a tough one but I mean I
think that we are both hyper aware that
we're critical of ourselves and we are
aware enough and open enough with each
other that we share that with one of
them we've shared many times what it is
in this horrible mantra that goes over
and over and over and are just as women
as humans it's a thing you know I think
that when you look in the mirror
potentially the thing that you criticize
yourself for is you know just something
we all do I think which is getting older
and just you've said to me before that
you aren't happy with what you see and I
hate that because I know should be yeah
I think we could cut I think you could
have caught a little more to the chase
but yeah I mean in general you know you
know I have lots of criticisms of myself
so maybe it would be hard to pin one
down but yeah that's a hard one because
I think that is something I struggle
with a lot and it's hard for you to even
come near a because you'd so want me not
to feel that way of course but I feel
the same way I have my own criticism out
there on repeat all the time I know like
I would literally love to smack them out
of you right exactly because if it was
you as a real friend who was talking to
me that harshly I'd be like later go we
would never put up with that type of
conversation from a real person in our
lives we would say I'm dying you know
but because it's ourselves or at least
we think that it's our inner voice we
allow it to be persistent and loud and
you know what I hope for you I hope
you're able to turn that volume level
down yeah right yeah it's a challenge
okay your turn
mmm what do you think I'm most worried
about right now
family 100% yep yep it's no two ways
about it you worry about them all the
time and now is no different but it's
heightened heavily it's not a hard
question yes sir do you want to ask me
yeah what are you worried about the nice
ring mmm I honestly don't know there's a
lot going on and I'm not worried about
anything that it's weird I think you
know that everything's gonna be fine I
think I know even with my family
everything's gonna be fine yeah but it's
a persistent thing because you there's a
lot of open-ended questions they don't
have answers and I think we both like to
try to like get things moving fix things
make things happen and sometimes you
just have to be patient and it's really
hard yeah simple answer there always
know if there's one thing that I still
don't understand about you what is it
[Music]
I think you try to understand and it's
not your fault but for me to translate
the type of it's just our life
experiences you know you can only tell
somebody what happened to you or what
your experience was or the way you felt
when this other thing happened or
whatever you can only share that with
somebody and expect them to understand
so much and that's in any kind of
relationship so I would say that it's
not a judgment on you it's just the
facts of life like I think when I
reference things that have happened in
my life particularly the type of trial
that I had things I experienced mm-hmm I
feel like the difference would be that
sometimes I think that you can't
necessarily understand my life
experiences yeah because our childhoods
were similar in some ways and very
different in other ways yeah that makes
sense I agree it's not a judgement no I
agree that's what I still don't
understand I totally agree it's hard you
can't you can't necessarily have just
had the same formative years as somebody
it's just you can try to understand and
you can try to put yourself in someone's
shoes and I try to do that with you all
the time but I don't know if anybody
ever really totally understands the
first 25 years of someone's life and how
much that contributes to the way they
react to things now 100 percent
especially when it's so different from
your own I mean different not totally
different but different enough it's not
enough but isn't that the great thing
about friendship right it's not like we
are in a department and relationship
together and so I think when you're in
relationship and you're like why don't
you understand this thing that happened
to me way that I was raised or the
things that happened in my life yeah
it's a different frustration we have the
luxury of being able to just go well we
just won't understand each other that's
fine
yeah there's no consequences to that
sometimes nobody sleeping on the couch
you never in bedrooms yeah okay it's
your trip
well I want to ask you the same thing oh
yeah what it would be the same is that
yeah totally
I mean it's it's too just I think but I
think you do understand that it's
different yeah but at the same time you
can't possibly understand what it was
like for me either
so I just don't think that that's oh I
wouldn't say it's a failure on either
one of our parts it's just how it is
absolutely but we try no what do you
think you could what do you wish you
could change about your childhood yeah
for my parents to have stayed together
or no let me rephrase that for them to
have gotten it right the first time but
I think that's pretty standard I mean
for anybody who comes from a divorced
home it just creates all these other
spin-offs of malfunction dysfunction
whatever I mean not to say that it's a
worse situation it's probably in some
ways better but but you know just
naively assuming that you could do it
and just wave a magic wand you'd at
least want to see how things would go if
it hadn't been broken up like that yeah
for you yeah I mean for me I would say
that
I would want to probably be involved
less in adult situations for sure I
think that I you know I'm a product of
young parents who got married young who
are lovely amazing people but as a
result there was a lack of filtration
and therefore a lot of things
experiences moments conversations words
feelings were then translated over into
my world and I was immediately you know
engaged in a part of their world at a
very young age so if I could change
anything I would it would be great to
not have that kind of you know
involvement at such a young age
mm-hmm that's what I would wish for you
too yeah yeah okay so okay
what's a compromise you've made that I
failed to recognize and really should
hire are in relationship to our
friendship
um I think you recognize all the
compromise I don't think that you're the
kind of person that wouldn't recognize a
compromise
you're pretty good about that this is
definitely this thought makes me sound
like an absolute psycho but you know
you're such an amazing homemaker and
it's just so not my thing
shut up yeah you know I wouldn't call
like the brunch is a compromise I
wouldn't call that a compromise though I
would say like that's like a no-brainer
what you mean then when I've had people
over for me
yeah that's not a compromise for me it's
nice I'm glad you do it I you know
special occasions and stuff but I think
just in our daily life I feel like I'm
participating in this like we have a
home that's like really functional I'm
like amazing I'm just like I don't
really care we're using China it don't
really share like we're using the
appropriate yeah yeah hey don't get too
fancy on me oh yeah I feel like I'm just
like constantly like yes I can pretend
that I need a fork and a knife for this
meal when I liked old bachelor out like
otherwise it's gonna be totally happy
and it's like you feel like you're
taking care of us and it is nice though
like no yeah I definitely need a salad
bowl and a plate for this meal I need a
napkin
I need all those things bring this to me
thank you I have problems okay you know
what's a compromise I mean
well I don't find anything compromising
but yeah I mean okay you're bright I
guess that is exactly it
like when I lived by myself prior to
living with you and and I was when I was
in Berlin I had regular like monthly
like come over and have brunch for 15
people and I'm gonna cook everything
having nothing yeah
it's my style it's like what I enjoy let
me feel creative it makes me feel like
I'm going back I love to do I know that
it isn't your for me flash it stresses
you out so which is fine
this is what happens when you have life
partnered with somebody for so long you
recognize that there are battles you can
choose or not choose to participate in
yeah and that's one and it's like it's
like crying I don't care you know at
this point like I'm planning a hangover
that dang Oh super up on that couch
don't work for me like a legitimate okay
so anyway my turn over yet
Oh what scares you the most these days
what scares me mmm-hmm what scares me
Millennials yeah yeah I think you're
technically r1 I'm not I missed it by
one year I what am I scared of
the Republican yeah terrifying put that
in a compartment like most 35 year old
women I'm scared of is it going to
happen am I gonna be in a relationship
am I gonna have a baby one day I'm also
scared of whether or not I'm sure if I
even want that I don't know haven't made
up my mind it requires for me anyway and
my personal experience it requires the
right partner I don't want to do it by
myself
right I know I can right I don't want to
so the fear it's more of a fear not
being scared isn't like boo you know but
like I'm afraid perhaps that it may not
happen so that would be the thing that's
like a persistent thought that comes and
goes it weaves in Bob's its way into my
life yeah and I think I can speak for
most of our friends who are women of the
same age range single who wonder and
fear the same thing hmm you know this is
not just a personal fear it's a
collective fear it's grandma's parents
everyone who thinks society whatever
that does a thing that you should be
doing and also PS you have a biological
clock and it's tick talking away yeah
but I think science is gonna fix it for
us
yeah maybe hashtag signs have something
science rules
okay your turn okay what are you
hesitant to tell me
[Music]
I am I mean like there's a lot like
that's in a varying degree of like I ate
the last of like a piece of cheese that
you really liked too like how do we
split it conceive the you know how we're
gonna split up our stuff when we move
that's a big I think a month away yeah
it's crazy
no I think like hesitant to tell you I
mean I think it's hard you know we both
they're really defensive in general like
we've been mean that was well played I
have to say boom boom yeah I think we
both are hesitant to say anything to
each other
like that's too real or tough to hear
especially because we know each other so
well and we know what's gonna be hard to
hear and sometimes those things still
need to be said and I think we both are
very timid because we both can be quite
reactive we look together yeah we do but
I don't know are you worse than other
people maybe not maybe everybody's like
that I don't know I feel like there are
taboo topics between us and it's a fact
and when we literally have a date night
or a brunch day out we're really not in
the confines of our apartment you know
as spacious as it is it's important for
us to remove ourselves from that space
so that we can have conversations that
we wouldn't have while we're just kind
of like roaming back and forth between
kitchen and couch yeah
and I feel like we have I can name at
least three or four times what we've
gone out had dinner and lunch whatever
and like had these moments yeah oh I
know what I'm hesitant to tell you what
did you break
I don't want to make nothing that's the
tattoo I'm hesitant to say like I don't
want to make an appointment and make a
big deal of it I just want to go and be
like a hey every tattoo ours name is hey
Bob
can you make this circle and this line
in this and just put it there thank you
we're getting tattoos made to represent
our friendship we don't have tattoos
zero zilch and I know and you've got the
Pinterest board and you bought a boat
there's three there's three it's fine I
feel differently you're right because I
want to make sure that we go get a
consultation you're you're a planner or
a planning I'm a planner I know and make
it's amazing it's amazing that even for
a tattoo which is literally forever
it's I still want to plan for I know
it's kind of my involving backs are one
of the previous questions what drives me
crazy about you I'm not of that maybe
one what are the crazy that you're a
planner
okay know that you should have thought
about one hmm but it doesn't drive me
that crazy okay wait that's like
laughable where are we
it's your turn okay hmm what's the story
of your life that you tell people and
what's the real story as you see it now
I tell people I'm an international woman
of mystery
I think for many years my story was very
similar to yours and that's kind of how
we connected like we both worked in
dance music we both lived abroad we both
worked with DJs I was a DJ that was a
piece of my story for many years I
worked with record labels I was a night
owl I partied I went out I wasn't events
I don't tell that story anymore because
it isn't my story anymore I've
transitioned to a new place where my
story frankly isn't completely written
and I'm okay with that I'm in the middle
of figuring it all out but I know that
who I was before no longer serves me it
doesn't mean it was wrong or bad it just
isn't me anymore
yeah and that's okay yeah so I would say
that the thing it's like when I tell it
I'm still kind of defining it right it's
all right for me I'm okay with that
agreed you go okay what do you think I
am looking for in a romantic Oh settle
in for this one I know that you're
looking for someone who takes care of
you even though you really don't need it
but they could and they want to even
though they won't be able to yeah
somebody was definitely the beard looks
remotely like Jesus but bulkier less
like you know sleep and food deprived
yeah yeah and I think really you you're
looking for someone who is totally I
think you're looking for somebody who is
the I think you're looking for somebody
who's kind of at the driver's seat of a
relationship but actually that will
actually be you based on your
personality
that's interesting because I do want
somebody who can be strong and that I
can't push around so I don't know I
can't say that I met anybody like that
yet he puts me in my place he calls me
out it's like I'm not like ya know I am
I'm bossy by Nature I know I don't know
how you bossy you're just headstrong
headstrong yeah fair enough
but being vulnerable is not my strength
you know not I'm sure there's a wordplay
in there that we're not yeah catching no
but I don't think that you see you keep
saying that I keep hearing you say that
that you need to be vulnerable
and I don't think you need to be
vulnerable I think you need to find
somebody who likes you exactly how you
are I think it's really smarter than me
to say okay I just don't know who that
guy is well you know we're hiding it was
like in a cave on some kind of weird
like retreat really yeah I do
wait what what do you what do you think
yeah what are you looking for in a
romantic relationship no what do you
think I'm looking for what I think right
yeah sorry I definitely think the guy
that you were looking for makes you
laugh like crazy he is funny and
comfortable in my own skin yeah he knows
who he is he can take it on the chin
just as easily as he can give it back
he's intelligent
it's passionate about something doesn't
matter what it is ideally it's also
about music and some aspect he's
creative in some way but he has his shit
together um he can support you too but
it's it's not about to be clear none of
this is about like financial support or
anything like that we've always taken
care of ourselves that's what probably
makes us hard to date frankly
by yeah
but he's somebody that can also be just
by you accepted for who he is and he I
hope that he's the kind of guy that
makes you realize how beautiful and
amazing that you are and how perfectly
perfect you are the way Liz Miller is
there's nothing to change Thanks
okay does that make it I guess it's my
turn
what are you fearful of in a
relationship
um well therapy has taught me that I'm
fearful that but if I let go completely
and give myself it to someone in that I
let my guard down
I've always in a friendship even in most
instances not with us but in even in
work situations and so forth I keep one
door in and one foot in the door in one
foot out
mm-hmm I believe I had to learn to
protect myself at a young age to be wary
to be careful and so that translates
into relationships so to answer the
question I'm fearful that if I let go
completely that I will be really angry
at myself for letting go I'll be angry
at myself for not protecting myself
because I knew better hmm
and also I have done it before and I've
completely let myself throw caution to
the wind fall full-throttle
wholeheartedly and you've watched me do
it into relationships that were not
right for me because I believed that it
could be this thing that I wanted it to
be a put it on a pedestal and thought
that's going to work it's going to be
awesome looking back I'm like was I
thinking I'm not gonna name names but
you know no I'm not either I do and it's
just like wow but I'm so happy I did go
through those things I needed to go
through them to become who I
now not that I'm like finalized finished
product but I recognize that you know
and that's that's the thing that I am
most afraid of is letting go so when the
guy is the right guy when it feels right
when I feel like I can finally do it and
I want to believe in myself that I can
do it that I can let go and be you know
22 years old again and just fall in love
again yeah I don't want to be the
hardened like lemon all who's afraid of
like yeah there I also think you might
be overthinking it
jokes okay anymore wait we're so bad on
too long thank you
no I'm good I'm good thanks all right
ready yep okay what do you think is my
best and worst quality when it comes to
a relationship this is the hard one
since I've really have not been in a
relationship besides with you I don't
know there's like a few sprinkled
mishaps best and worst best worst
quality that comes really I think you
should just just say as it defines to
friendship okay yeah I think that makes
more sense yeah I would think your best
quality is that you are always there for
your friends to a fault you are willing
to you definitely want to support and be
there for everyone and you have a lot of
friends because you've lived in a lot of
places and you are a great friend to
have and therefore you nurture those
friendships and they don't like just
dissolve some do it's just the nature of
life but so I think that that's great
but I do think that there are some
instances over the years where I have
watched people treat you badly and you
didn't give up on them that would be the
way I would phrase it now but ten five
even six years ago I would have said
you'd let people walk all over you right
and I feel that as a result of being
your friend I have recognized that
definitely there were some of those
people who needed to just be cut for me
alive that have eventually found their
way to non no longer be in your life
deservedly but at the time it frustrated
me because I wanted you to be to care
about yourself enough and what they had
done to you to go no I don't deserve
this
I'm done I have other friends I don't
need you in my life so now what I see is
that there are some people who you hung
on to and gave second third and fourth
and fifth chances to you did and you've
found a way through with them because
they also have found a way to become a
better human being right some of them
were just not good people fact right and
so yeah I think what has happened is my
perception of what was good and bad
about you and that way has changed does
that make sense
it's good that's nice to hear what do
you think is the most important lesson
I'm learning at this stage in my life no
you're so like in charge of your life
right now I don't feel like life is
beating you down too much you've learned
your value for work and I think you're
learning a little bit more about how to
well with your family thing I think it's
a little bit a lesson that you'll learn
soon about at what point it is and isn't
your problem
at what point you need to kind of just
let people do what they need to do
I don't know I think I hope that you're
learning that you're gonna be okay I
think that's what's kind of happening
for you is that you are starting to feel
like you are going to be okay and being
able to try and breathe out a little bit
yeah I think that's fair I think it's
definitely like the way I feel right now
it's very different to where how I felt
a year ago yeah true and even you know
let's go four or five years ago before I
even lived in New York City like where
was I then where am I now
mhm Sam I mean I feel like New York has
changed us immensely mm-hmm okay what do
you think is special about our
relationship the things I sometimes ask
myself not not often but occasionally I
think what must our friends or people
who have only just met us think about
our friendship
and they're like I don't even know how
to get up in there it's like it's like a
force field you know codependent is the
word that and then there's like old
married couple
oh maybe couple comes up a lot yeah like
you know you don't like mushrooms and no
do you really what happened
yeah so I think we need to start turning
these over so we don't forget special
I think what's special is that we've
stood the test of time I mean being
friends for 10 years lots of people have
been friends for 10 years with people
that they know but I think for us what's
unique and individual about that is that
we have also lived together in multiple
countries throughout that 10-year
process who I was when you met me and
who you were when I met you we were at
our word so who we are but we have grown
and changed so much you know
and I think that often when you start to
change as a human being you you you
many people will push away from people
who have known hit them the whole time
because they know that they've changed
and they don't know who to be an owl in
front of this other person you are my
mirror I know right that you will always
remember who I was ten years ago versus
who I wasn't middle and who I am right
now you know me
yeah and you're not judging me which is
an amazing thing so I believe that's
what's special about a friendship Thanks
okay how do you think my family has
influenced me as a person definitely
made you feel overly responsible for
other people's well-being yeah I think
you maybe grew up a little too fast and
you maybe have a really high bar set for
yourself about the kind of superhuman
you need to be right now in life and and
how awesome and how like successful you
need to be and be perceived in order to
be okay and yeah I I wish I could I wish
I could take some of that away from you
because I think it's okay to be young
and stupid and not have it all figured
out I mean I still don't know how than
you so yeah I mean I feel like my
twenties were all about not carrying you
know it was like super laissez-faire
it's pretty fun
it was super fun it wouldn't change any
of it you know but when I think about
the brevity of life and like the
heaviness of it it was a completely
different things were just as crazy you
know in terms of my family and stuff but
I mean it's just a different level of
responsibility and care
I think then it's true then at that time
and then also as an adult who has a
career and and whatever like you know
there's also a different relationship
with what you can do versus what was
completely out of your grasp you know
what I mean I think my twenties we're
not in a time when I couldn't do pain
right really to help but maybe listen
when were you the proudest of me I mean
getting your newest job that was a
pretty big deal not just getting the job
but like not listening to anybody else's
feedback or input about what you
deserved what kind of salary or what
kind of title or whatever and just
putting a super target on it and just
making it happen for yourself I mean I
don't know that's kind of like
conventional like of course I'm proud of
you because you were proud but I think
I'm proud of you every time you're hyper
considerate of a friend that is going
through a hard time and you do something
really thoughtful for them I mean to be
honest that's the time when I'm more
proud of you and maybe you're not proud
of yourself you just feel like it's an
obligatory thing that you should be
doing I think yeah it's kind of a it's
kind of a obvious answer to say the job
but I think in truth it's the little
moments where you're you know a really
good friend to somebody even if as you
have said maybe they don't deserve it
that's cool that's weak to say
you're welcome oh yeah ask me any
question ask you any question I feel
like I have asked you every question I
asked you not today all right
one year from now we will no longer be
living huh and we know that it's it's
it's a thing like it's ran its course
we've done our thing we'd never plan to
live together ever anyway it was never a
plan it happened circumstantial yeah
boom we're living in London together
boom we're living in Berlin together
boom really right you weren't together
Wow how did that ever happen
so ask you anything would be one year
from now yeah where do you see yourself
and where do you see me like our
relationship yeah well we both know how
much I don't like to talk on the phone I
mean I hope that we talk regularly I
hope we talk every week at least I hope
that you're you have a whole amazing
group of friends out in LA that provides
you with that sense of belonging that we
haven't totally accomplished here or the
way we had in London or even Berlin
where you don't necessarily need me that
much but obviously I'm still the most
important opinion and and hopefully
dating someone which I know you really
want who is a real substantial
possibility rather than a tinder
situation I know I'm just saying it's
just a term people use and
I think that was my question
oh yeah oh yeah you asked me what pain
in me would you like to heal whoo it all
deep feel like it's kind of like we're
kind it's kind of all the same yeah I
just wished that you know you were
allowed to be more of a kid and allowed
to you know allowed to just not carry
the weight of your whole families
everyone in the family's well-being on
your shoulders because I do think that
that kind of feeds into a bunch of other
things definitely it's pretty basic yeah
all right
what do you think as well as this kind
of doesn't ask me anything what do you
think is the next step in our
relationship so what do you think we
have to separate our appliances you get
everything in the kitchen you can have
everything in the kitchen I think the
next step is that we I want for us with
just four or five four weeks left to
live together mm-hmm
to enjoy our time together you know it's
really easy to get up and then get
caught up in the conundrum of day to day
like waking up being tired going to work
coming home being tired like having our
interaction whatever last night prints
one of our heroes passed away you know
and it's not what's really nice it just
fit together
it was great to records we wasn't
printed in air DJ I could see about the
streaming life human life right we would
have had to buy the whole catalog thank
God for vinyl yeah for one
[Laughter]
it's a second time though that one of
our massive maths and music heroes has
passed away and just in a few months and
friends actually said that time isn't
real it's a construct of the mind
I'm sure than plenty of other people
have said it but you know direct quote
he said it and I think that for me we
both know our friendships not going
anywhere it's just about - it's about to
evolve into a new phase in our lives you
know you're never going to not be
important to me you're never going to
not be somebody that reach out to you
and ask for an opinion or send a stupid
gift - or like you know throw an
underhanded emoji at it's just I I think
that in the lot next to the next steps
for us in our relationship to answer the
question for me or just about
recognizing how important we are to one
another and enjoying the time that we
have left we're gonna make time for each
other we're gonna go play sit together
we're gonna meet up in other countries
and other cities and do fun things
together it's always going to be a part
of our life and I know that no matter
whether relationships that come and go
or kids come and go or whatever happens
it's going to be a thing for us so I
just don't want to let go of this like
moment that we have left you know when
we have these few weeks to actually
habitate cohabitate together and you
know spend real real real time together
so
yeah cool your turn no ask me the
question you really want to ask what
question do I really want to ask you
what are we having for dinner later
can we can we just sit on the couch oh
no no I don't know I think we I think we
communicate well and III don't I feel
like we you know through this session
there's a few things that I probably
would have asked that I already got
asked and there's not any secrets oh
wait oh here I know when you just say
goodbye to me in the morning when you
walk out do you know I'm awake because
you can't hear me snoring yep I knew it
I knew you were awake because first of
all you were I didn't I was like bitch
always knows when I'm you have a gap in
your between the door I know that begs
and I know bullshit I wake up and if I
hear you snoring I don't go there and I
try really really hard to be quiet I
knew it all right what do you think I
want from life I don't know if I know
the answer to that question I think that
you tell me that you want to be a mom
and you want to have you want to be a
grandma you've been saying that lately
you can't wait to be this like amazing
grandma exactly exactly
but I don't know if you do want that
actually I I want you to to definitely
have it if you want it but sometimes I
wonder if that's really what you do want
impracticality yeah I don't know it's a
whole lot of baby action and stuff and
responsibility I'm not sure either down
to two questions your turn
oh okay who do you think why do you
think I am your best friend why so when
you and I met we were so similar yeah
not to say we're dissimilar now we are I
think we have just gotten more familiar
with our difference isn't when you meet
somebody for sure in the first couple of
years of friendship you take a lot of
things that face out you don't go deeper
because your party friends or because
you're which I always think we were more
than party front and straight out the
gate but we didn't live in the same city
or country even in a first night so it
was easy to just be like we're so
similar over the years you get to know
one one another and you become more and
more familiar with what is and isn't
similar and what's different and what
makes you connected so why do I think
you're my best friend I mean you're like
family to me yeah you know we say I love
you in the morning or at night before we
go to sleep you're the first person I
text is the second person I texted
usually text my mom when I land on a
flight and vice versa you know you're
totes my emergency contact I think you
might even be on my passport but it's
like I think that what makes our
friendship so unique is that we've been
through amazing things together we've
been had so many highs but we've also
had a lot of lows we and they're not
lows that we've created that we've have
had a few that we can literally count on
one hand we've had some argument since
now it should that's happened but it was
always stupid shit we always knew we
would get paralyzed you know you know
it's not like one of us was cheating
with somebody's boyfriend it's not like
one of us is lying and messing up each
other's lives
it doesn't even enter into our our field
of awareness it doesn't
happen and it won't happen and that's a
beautiful thing and I think that at some
point during our friendship we realized
that we were going to work hard at this
and cultivate this friendship and build
it and grow it and never let go of it
and I think that that is what makes it
so unique because I think in our lives
because you and I have moved around so
much
we're nomadic we've seen a lot of
friendships come and go and it's the
ones that you really hold on to and
cultivate more card at that are really
special and that's what makes our
friendship special yeah that's true okay
I do so much like you said like a family
member I do I I think and I think I
think it's very clear that our families
appreciate our friendship
because they're from smaller towns and
they don't always know exactly you know
what we're doing with our lives and I
think it stresses our moms out and I
think to have been there for each other
and to care for each other in a way
that's a surrogate relationship to a
family member has meant a lot - I mean
it's meant a lot to me obviously
personally but also you can see it
reflected and the people who love us and
care about us
so yeah of course I love you I love you
too Regan and yang it