Oh what's your earliest memory of me
let's see I think when I had to take
over the bread making yeah cuz you know
all the bread we had to make before we
went to school
uh-huh that's a con Willy into it so I
just remember the next thing I knew I
was making bread every day before I went
to school and I really appreciated it
yeah and I did it for the next nine
years so it was a lot I know I do want
to tell you my first memory of you
because you were so adorable
you had these great big eyes and you was
this cute little baby and I was changing
your diaper and you were so cute I
kissed your butt cheek I thought babies
smelled great all over your memory is a
little more graphic than mine god I
remember the bread yeah what do you love
about me let's see that's an interesting
question I love that we have a lot in
common and I remember in my 20s and you
were into all the metaphysical stuff and
we always have had great conversations
and I remember you were saying that at
some point I would become your teacher I
don't know if I'll ever become your
teacher but at the same time I think
that I value that we can have
conversations about things other people
typically wouldn't understand
and so we can talk about God or the
things like that
so I think that's pretty powerful
so that's what I value and I think what
I love about us as a sister couple is
that we can be who we are with each
other without judgment and so that's
what I value I can be as inappropriate
as I want and there's no judgement
that's what I love about us - there's no
judgment all that traveling together
we've done we just let each other just
be mm and it's so easy to travel with
you I've had people say that because of
you strength of character
thank you and your warm heart and your
sense of humor
keep going all right let's change the
subject because you're nearly perfect
right how do you describe me to others
which sounds like you already kind of
did well no I describe you differently
I say you're beautiful that you look way
more pretty than I do and that you're my
favorite sister and I really love you
and you're really wonderful and I'd love
for them to meet you oh yeah and you're
in great shape to boot you have a great
body well all I can think about is the
other night when we went out for a drink
and we were trying to figure out what to
call it our other siblings and so we
went through everybody I talked with one
of our sisters about everybody in the
family being a flake and so I think what
did I call you psycho flake what like
this guy's a psycho flake but then I
reach I changed it what did we call each
other I forgot yeah well what kind of a
flake do you think I am first that uh
Joe bowling who I said flaky flake
that's what like he's like that's right
play
I forget what I called you well that's
some pretty flick I know that I think
you mentioned something likes
to the flake sensitive flake that's
right now so anyways that's how if I
describe you to others I would say you
know on a positive note you're kind of
wacky but I also think that you go above
and beyond to help other people other
people yeah sometimes not in a way
that's not always good but I think
you're working with that yep so that's
right I'm not going to help you at all
today yeah oh my turn I already lost
track but I was enjoying the
conversation what's your fondest memory
of our childhood
I should be interesting uh one of the
times was I remember when I plan to we
went into these into the woods and
Rumney or some other country town and we
found this beautiful spot and it was big
rocks and the river was flowing through
it and with your friend Connie I had
planned to throw a pie in your face
never forget that so anyways we waited
till the proper moment and I just tossed
the pie in your face and we laughed so
hard and then of course you just jumped
in the water and rinsed it off that was
a great member that was a good memory
yeah and I don't know if I could think
of any fun two memories particularly
because they're all fond being outdoors
being outdoors wandering through the
woods by myself mhm and figuring out
this is a good one we had the sawdust
pile way up the hill and I remember um
that I wanted to be able to learn how to
find my way through the woods by myself
so I started with the sawdust pile and
then I oriented myself to all the
different trees along the top of the
hill and then found my way back down to
the house all by myself and I didn't get
lost and that was just like kind of
being close to God and peaceful Wow how
old were you then
hmm I was probably almost a teenager
maybe about 12 I do remember this is
just a little addendum when I was a year
and a half I've told you this memory
Cora had this long white hair and I
always wanted to comb it when we went to
visit her she should let us comb it
so it a year and a half I would got I
started walking down the street and I
knew I was like really short so I should
stay on the side of the road because of
the cars and I knew that Wester would
get really mad at me and she'd probably
catch me but I started walking down the
road to do courts a anyway and she
caught me and I couldn't do it but I
still remember just taking that
initiative even though it's such a
little girl Wow okay next one what what
lesson that our parents taught us do you
now think was wrong hmm not to be
violent
plain and simple
we had so much of that it's wrong to
sexually abuse people it's wrong to do
rotten things it's wrong to make people
work like dogs children need to have a
Child Life I think so if you put that
into words that make sense without
talking about that I think that they
taught us to love and respect others
treat them with love and respect and
interestingly enough when I think about
it the fact that you know we had all
that violence and abuse stuff but on the
other side of the
they insisted that we be considerate of
people anticipate other people's needs
they insisted through violence but we
also learned that consideration love and
respect fathers so it's kind of an
interesting side of both coins don't you
think yeah I just think about what they
taught us was that it was more like do
what I say not what I do and so I
learned to not try to figure other
people well if I tried to figure people
out it was to look at it through
compassion because our parents would
always analyze other people but they
couldn't see it for themselves so I
learned to not be that so in a way what
they were teaching us by how they acted
made me realize I wanted to go the other
way and you talked about the mana lysing
people I analyzed people all the time
but the way that I did it then and I
still do it with my mind is when I was a
little girl I used to imagine myself
stepping in somebody else's shoes and
then I'd imagine what they were really
like and I guess that's how I developed
my intuitive abilities and got to
understand what makes people work mmm
which allows me to analyze them to the
nth degree which is rather fun and as an
adult when I would go to meetings I'd be
really bored so as people raise their
hands and stuff I look at the palm of
the hand and you know look at their
lifeline in their heart line and stuff
and entertain myself that way
and think about what kind of person they
were by their eyes and their facial
shape and the palms of the hands when
they raised a hand to mock it was I did
or learned to analyze from vestrum
Barker yeah okay see these are
interesting things to think about
uh-oh I don't think I like this one
what do you resent about me I wouldn't
use the word resent but we've had this
conversation is I your perception of
yourself is somewhat in denial at times
and then last night we had that
conversation about putting on the tough
act when you don't need to yeah and I
think that's detrimental so I don't
resent it but it bothers me that I want
you to see and for myself too I want you
to learn from your life lessons and
that's what I was talking about last
night and I know you were a little upset
by it
mmm basically that's that's it is that
basically seeing how you are the things
that work for you the things that don't
so but I know it's your path whatever
which whatever way you go that's the way
you go yes when I'm in denial
I even deny to myself and so you know it
becomes it doesn't exist although
sometimes I watch myself being in denial
and just do it anyway because I'm
stubborn mm-hmm
like you know having one too many drinks
last night
I think all of us Tobin's are
controlling and so I don't really have
any resentments about you either because
we're really open with one another but
some of the times when we were traveling
you not listening to my advice about
where we should go because I knew the
West really well I met had moments of
discomfort but then again it was really
your trip and you had a plan and so you
followed it so I might have saved you a
lot of trouble I don't know did I have
to do we have trouble I don't know not
really wasn't trouble because neither of
us got upset about it but I remember
when we were when we went to Utah and
then we went back to Canyon de Chelly
and then we went back over to truth of
consequences so that we made this really
big loop that we might have avoided okay
I know and there's such a small deal
because yeah we don't really have
resentments I mean I don't know I'll
have to work on the denial though yeah
might not be easy I'm getting old
there's a future okay what part of me or
my life are you jealous of and why
[Music]
you know that question brings tears to
my heart because what I feel about you
and your life is that I'm happy that
you've made retirement years that are
really good for you and now I wish I had
planned better but I wouldn't be jealous
of you what's the point
and no offense I'm not jealous of we
don't you know who your husband dearest
sister you know if I were to turn if I
wasn't y'all if I got jealous which I
don't usually anymore I would turn it
around to think about the things that I
admire about you that I want to be I
would like to be better at taking care
of myself you have a really strong will
for taking care of your body like going
into the cold water yesterday I didn't
do that and I wish that I could do that
and in a way I wished I'd have planned
better for retirement but on the other
hand I have what I need so I don't
really regret it and I did have some
wonderful amazing experiences in my 50s
and all of those things have helped me
to be a better person and more
compassionate and a little bit more
aware than I was I've certainly um not
as messed up as I was in my younger
years sounds good mmm you jealous me no
I'm pretty smart no I think I think
you're a very creative person but no I'm
not jealous
then think you are no jealousy is an ego
thing so I don't want to get there
neither of us do that's just not our way
what is a mistake you see me make
repeatedly and why do you think I keep
making it whoever wrote that question
ought to be spanked yeah well we've
alluded to it I think some of the choice
you've just did you're some of the
choices you've made around financial
security yeah I didn't and like we've
talked about it I think it's a life
lesson for you I mean I hope you have my
own too so I think some choices around
that mmm and in a way I still think that
dealing with finances is tough for you I
don't think your brain works that way it
doesn't so that's one thing I see you
doing whether you change it or not I
don't know I don't think I well it's too
late anyway
yeah so that's it yeah unless I want to
go out and work full-time which I don't
really think I want to and I might not
be able to my you know I don't have the
stamina I used to have so I think you
make mistakes oh you know if you do what
I do drink too much sometimes that's
about the worst of it I think we're both
pretty evolved in a lot of ways meaning
that we've learned to overcome that
angst that we might have had inside in
our younger years and that we both
really care about people and so that
because we're always working on
ourselves to be better people then even
if you make mistakes you're learning
from them from them as I am and I know
you do
so you know how can it be a mistake I
think I just did one was it my turn yeah
no I did that one all right who has more
power in our relationship
oh you do
all right I went I'm gonna tell you why
now
all right you were the only person in
the whole entire world that I will let
take over my kitchen I appreciate it but
I don't really think it's much of a
power struggle at all but I just do it
because I know you like to do that and
so I just you know take a vacation I
guess I would agree in one respect but I
also know that if you have your mind
made up about something I'll go with it
just to support you so in that sense I
think I may have power but that I also
value what you say as a person so I can
let go if it depends what it is
I do the same thing but if I have a
sense of what's right I will stand by it
and I won't stop yes I know you have a
very strong will yeah there's a chakra
yeah I do the same thing with you I
accommodate you because I know it's
important to you unless it's something
that I can't change and then I just
won't change it because I know what's
right if it's right and I know it's
right I have to do it mhm
it's just the way it is okay my turn
that was a power play why aren't you
more successful yeah Alice how come
you're not more successful how come you
don't have millions of dollars and you
can't travel around the world yeah all
over the place
oh you did I forgot yeah yeah I I I
don't know I feel like I'm where I'm
supposed to be so I guess I couldn't
really answer that you know what I want
to have you know like I said I love to
travel so I'd like to be able to do more
of that but I think in terms of being
more successful it has to do with self
confidence and I believe you know I've
that's been my life life lesson is
coming into my own power so to speak and
becoming more confident so basically
would have to do with confidence and yes
success isn't necessarily money
yeah because I could I'm not successful
financially because I didn't want to
make money my priority I wanted to help
people instead and so I gave of my time
and then of course the money I did have
I didn't manage well I think success is
really having peace of mind contentment
and love not so much with somebody else
but within yourself that like since I've
seen Nathan you know my heart just
opened up because I love him so much and
having this kind of a conversation with
you it's the same way I have this love
feeling in my heart that almost brings
tears to my eyes because it's um such a
blessing to be able to have that feeling
because it you know feelings don't come
easily to me and and I have most of that
most of the time and I'm ever so
grateful so I guess in a way I'm not
quite done yet okay so I guess the new
way I really do feel like I've been
successful in what I really wanted to
accomplish in life alright that's good
I know I I know you I feel you've made
peace with some with the choices like we
all have to do we have to make peace and
it weren't easy mm-hmm what are you
hesitant to tell me
well you're gonna love this one
first of all you know how we share the
food we eat every day you know how I
send it earlier in the evening
I send you the emails earlier in the
evening of o84 foods yeah I bernal the
journal the food journal yeah yeah but I
wouldn't be embarrassed to tell you is
there anything else well you know I have
my moments when I see you unhappy and
challenged in your life you know in your
emotional life and I wish I could do
something about it
of course I can it's your life but I
think if I really ever wanted to tell
you something that it would be in
relation to that but I never would
because it wouldn't change anything
except to make you uncomfortable and
it's not really my business and believe
me if you wanted to talk about
relationships let's talk about mine
you'd really give me what all right yeah
I just let you live your life yeah just
like I let you live yours so but I mean
I pretty much in terms of confidants I
have told you everything and then of
course in our range we tend to forget it
so it doesn't
[Laughter]
yeah I've pretty much told you
everything too about my current
relationship yeah god bless them so
anything you haven't told me else yeah
so next one is it my turn
you know I'm really appreciating my
relationship more with this I think we
might have to applaud these guys yeah oh
I don't like this one when have I
disappointed you
let's see I think around your
relationship choices and that's why you
know I've recommended that you check out
codependency group yeah because since we
were raised in a codependent household I
think that being with other people and
hearing other people's stories might hit
a nerve with you that could kind of push
you to move forward I know I know I know
that sounds it is a judgement but at the
same time I think everybody needs a
support network and maybe it would be
something that would make a difference
but I I I just have been disappointed by
that because it's just not a great thing
to go through you know I think it's
better to be alone than to be in a
relationship that you know each of you
grow as a person and as a couple I've
had some doozies yeah now the current
one you know he's a doozy but he makes
me helps me to grow yeah I know we've
talked about that yeah hmm wonder what
you've disappointed me and I think in
many ways you've lived an admirable life
the way you've struggled through so many
of you difficulties went out and got
your masters and all of that you know I
can't really think of anything
whew well you're pretty special person
thank you didn't I just do it yeah I
just I think I just did it I'll do it
again
it's just you and me you're right to do
it if you could change one thing about
me what would it be
hmm you could give me all your money
isn't that much let's see what would I
change oh I know what I would do I would
um you're so beautiful
I would want to see you dressed to be
more beautiful all the time a little
more feminine because you know how you
sometimes look like a grub really I
thought that was style used to be yeah I
think it was like 40 years ago no and
that's such a little thing but you're so
beautiful you know I just hate to see
you hide your beauty under um grubby
clothes although today you look lovely
thank you
although I really don't like that shirt
I just like to tell her yeah well I mean
to answer what I would change about you
would be the choices you've made
which I've alluded to about men and
money yeah and then basically that you'd
be golden men and money so if I may
change those choices then I would find a
man who's kind and well-to-do and my
problems would be solved I wouldn't have
to change
all right let's skip that one like that
would ya who cares who loves whom or in
the relationship
I think it's variable I think that how
do you measure love I think that love is
expressed in so many different ways I
think you express it much more
passionately so to speak than I would
I'm more reserved so I tend to think
that
I I see myself as a very loving person
in terms of accepting people and letting
them be who they are like I feel I do
that with with you you know I may feel
frustration at times because of the
choices you make you know being just a
sister and wanting your life to be
better but I also just let you be who
you are so I think that it can't be
measured for me anyways I don't think it
can be measured either I know that there
are a couple of people in my life that I
love deeply and would probably give my
life for if I had to and that would be
Nathan and that would be you and I love
a lot of people and a lot of people love
me for which I'm grateful but I would
probably do almost anything for you and
I think probably you would for me I
don't think there's any measure of it I
think that that we have a really deep
and special bond and you know sometimes
people don't ever get that in their life
at all ever no so what a blessing
especially where we don't live so close
together and the other thing is that you
make the effort to come to me because
I'm always far away mm-hmm and I really
appreciate that and I think that shows a
whole lot of love mm-hmm well and you
show me in so many ways you don't know
you know I I talked it out loud
but you do it and I think that love is
action lots of people can say I love you
and then they go and sit in the sofa and
um let you wait on them hand and foot
and ask you to do this and you know
that's not love they're just saying that
their words don't mean anything
yeah I agree is it my turn I think so
what do you wish I would forgive you for
I don't know that you have to forgive me
for anything maybe when I give you too
much direct feedback you know I would
want you to forgive me for that but I
think that's it I don't even care how am
I gonna learn if you don't give me
feedback yeah and you give me feedback
too so I just take it as dried I don't
have anything to forgive you for no I
can't think of anything you know no I
think I'm I'm just really grateful we
have the kind of relationship we up I
know who would have thought yeah all we
needed was a bunch of questions to
confirm it I know what do you feel most
guilty about in our relationship oh the
fact that I haven't paid you back
eighteen hundred dollars yet not now I'm
gonna do it yeah oh my god told you you
don't need to worry about that I know
but it's a personal responsibility that
I feel and I know you don't care if I do
a knot which I really that's really yeah
it embarrasses me though that I owe you
and I can't pay you back in and I don't
know if I'll be able to Oh we'll work it
out
for me I don't know that I feel guilty
about anything I think sometimes when I
been frustrated with some of the choices
you make I feel badly that I have
stepped in and maybe said something
occasionally but so that's a piece where
I work at not giving you feedback unless
you ask for it and did you know I don't
remember one of those times
that's how much it bothered me Oh or it
could be you know I'm getting on in
years
I might not remember much at all I know
I try to be kind with my words so I know
people seem to think I'm very gentle
oh you can be direct I know I'm working
on that too
well I don't think does anything wrong
was being direct cuz I don't get stuff
when people hint at me it drives me
crazy they'll be giving me all these
cents and then next thing I know
somebody's mad at me and I don't know
why because they've been hinting at me
about something and I'm not getting the
hints so I I like people to tell me
what's up so I know what they want to
tell me and instead of me having to
figure it out we had the direct routine
yeah this is the way it is yeah I came
out just take it alright
oh you got a look in your face
[Music]
if you come if you think of one first
let me go do you think you are totally
honest with yourself no I know about
what oh that's a good one
