could change one thing about me what
would it be and why that's not a good
question
but go ahead I would give you new knees
yeah well if I can stick with the
orthopod that I have I'll be alright I
would give you new knees and more time
when do you feel like that I judge you
and why do you think I do well you're my
mother
it comes naturally to you
I think that you're always just looking
out for my best interest and the thing
you judge me the most about is maybe
doing more for other people than I do
for myself which ironically is something
you have done your entire life so when
you judge me for that it's a little
reflection I'm the old lady yeah well
that's all right that's a good quality
because I think that's why God put us on
earth to help others well to diverge
from the questions
I mean people told you you shouldn't
have me oh yeah well you know geriatric
mothers usually don't deliver nice
babies you know they aren't so my kids
to have a full-term pregnancy and in
1970 how old were you I was almost 40
and what else what what else was going
on with me well they gave you monkey
juice the rhesus serum they because of
your Rh factor oh yeah oh yeah then I
got the monkey juice yes yes yes I
forgot about that it's been so long yeah
the rhesus serum because I my Rh
negative and of course you were watched
very very very carefully but you grew up
to be kind of a nice young looking
beautiful adorable perfect daughter well
I just didn't I always am reflective
about how many people told you you
shouldn't have a baby when you were that
old so thanks
not listening to them oh you're a gift
you're a gift from God let's move on
what are you hesitant to tell me I think
I'm probably hesitant to tell you things
that are happening to us you know
physically not psychologically if I call
you at our appointed calling hours and
you don't answer and I call you over an
hour's period of time and nobody's
answering do you know the second place I
call the hospital
well anyway sometimes we go out on rare
occasions don't ever go out yes we do
okay so we'll have to be honest with me
you just have to you know accept some of
those silly times but I'll be honest
with you know like if we had to have CPR
or something like that great thanks a
lot what if I down or what happened to
me that scared you the most and why oh
that's um when you called me saying
don't worry if you call and I don't
answer the EMS Squad is here and they're
taking me to the hospital yeah that was
a little worse um but I survived you did
but you still are not confronting the
issue that got you to that point well
that's all right let's forget that I I'm
sure you want to move on you uh you
can't do two in a row I'm sure you want
to move on but I didn't worry about you
well that's that's okay
and I'm like you're like hey but if
there's a crisis I'll definitely let you
know
that's terrific Thanks
what is one lesson or idea you want me
to never
forget oh I can answer this what would
it be
go to church yeah and keep your faith in
God and being kind to people yeah
because you're not the only human on the
planet right well we're all out of
questions well you know there are many
questions left in life but they'll just
kind of tumble out occasionally so you
feel free to always come to me I may not
give you the answer you want but I'll
give you an honest answer well that's
for sure and I will love you until the
day I leave this earth and then I'm
gonna have trouble kind of communicating
with ya but someplace up there you'll
know that I'm watching and I love you
dearly and you've brought so much to my
life I love you too
if I left this earth tomorrow I will
have had a full life because of you no
no return to sender no you're great I
love you I love you you
