I can't do time in jail
when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember I remember
meeting you at Kenny Rogers and meeting
you and Russell and Rahul was there
roasting chicken on a stick
and that's what I remember when we first
met and Bill didn't want us to work
together they tried to switch shift I'm
just too friendly too friendly too loud
so they wanted us on opposite shifts but
I just remember that's why I know we
were going to have a great friendship
what are your three faiths what are your
three favorite moments that we have
shared three favorite moments we have
shared first one was the first moment
your pregnancy yeah because you was
pregnant before me right yeah the moment
the baby shower the ritalin backyard
party the moment callaloo moment that
was a nice moment - yeah we sang party
every weekend crazy talk it was real hot
and sexy right since 1994 no 95 1995
gave birth in 1997 old now and our next
good moment is flame ice on the Eastern
Parkway in a Labor Day yeah yeah there
are some great moments you know
friendship right you know what time's my
fast right
[Laughter]
by a sound right what do you think what
do you think is the most important
lesson I'm learning at this stage in my
life for me I think the most important
lesson you have learned is how to be a
great mom I have admired that about you
because you know we went from partying
every weekend such as investing so much
into our kids and I love the way that
you fight for your children how you put
them first yeah yeah everything and you
want everything that is best for them
meaning you want them to be well
educated and you're just a great mom you
know I'm just the same as you you know
you know you have gone from you know
have been heartbroken to be in a strong
individual to to doing so much you know
I'm saying you know it has to take hurt
you know something tragic to happen in
order for you to gain your strength you
know and me personally Tasha I'm proud
of you you know I said all the time you
know you're doing things you go in
places that I started dreaming to go I
put only one adventure to go and here
you are you know I'm saying but it's
just sad that it has to take you know
Travis Jeter for all this to happen you
know you know for me I like I say it all
the time I never thought I know that I'm
a great mom but I never thought that
losing my son would turn me into
advocate is wrong and I love doing that
job I mean what it's just my passion you
know yes what do you appreciate most
about you about our friendship how we
have never disagreed we never never
argue we you know we might not speak
every day right but when we do is like
we've nothing is like we speak every
single day yeah
and I think why our friendship has grown
and blossom so much as like I don't need
to be in your face every day to know
that you love me because I know that you
love me and I know if I ever need you
yeah that I could always pick the phone
up you show a bit or ring the doorbell
and yes for me right I know that right
so that's like people think like oh the
meaning of friendship is that you're in
someone's face every day no it's not
that because we don't really see each
other every day and nobody would never
even know that we don't even see each
other every day
no private color we can see every day
for what but we don't see one another
every day like once in a blue moon or if
we could in a function watch now there's
no reason for you to have enough for me
and be like okay I'm tired that's the
entire show right what we have such a
great friendship and more than that
we're like sisters so that's all I feel
yeah we're just like sisters you know
and nobody can break that nobody because
no kids grew for me the stomach - man
have come and going and we're still
standing right
so friendship is forever yeah you know
some friends coming oh yeah
but the true ones see together stay
together and you know that I love you so
I love you back right back at you
what was the moment you were proud what
was the moment you were proudest of me
which moment your promise of me again my
proudest moment of you is watching you
become a mother not everyone is ready to
be a mother
it takes so much being a great parent
and you know that you know when you
become a parent that is putting every
putting all childish things aside and
devoting your time to your kids and I've
watched you not only become amazing
woman but you're the best mother that
those kids could ever ask for and that
is the most important thing that iris
about you I you know I just love the way
you love your children and that's you
know that's what and I love the way that
you hustle right yeah yes like you know
you don't let nothing keep you down you
know you are go getter you know you
don't sit back and wait for no more to
happen for you you make things happen
and that's what I love about you
Thanks what do you see in me that I do
not see in myself yes I see a strong
courageous woman out there a fighter
I see an independent woman I see a woman
I value a woman and more as a woman of
principle you know you stand for what
you mean you mean for what you stand you
know yeah you don't take no BS you don't
take no place you know so you know for
me I don't I tell people already I've
already lost the most important thing in
my life so I will not take crap from you
know why I say things that people want
to say I won't say that's just me a good
thing about the good thing about me like
you know what you get from me they have
a friend in me I'm not gonna pretend to
smile in your face and then stab you in
the back no no is it I like you I don't
I know and that's just me you know when
you've lost so much you just say the
whole world differently you you know you
know don't take life for granted I don't
you don't you know you have the boy
support I have my chair my wrestling to
move it you know but you're strong and
independent you just like me is a
co-fighter you mean a go-getter around
you I just say it stand for what you
mean you mean for what you stand you
know I'm saying but what is good you
know what is a lesson you wish I never
forget what is a lesson you wish I never
forget what I could say that you'll
never forget
just by looking at me and seeing because
you've seen me happy enjoying motherhood
but you have also seen me in so much
pain so I want you to watch you know
like I told people that pain that they
saw me experience and I go through that
every day I don't have you know I have
good days and I have bad I have bad days
but what I want you to see is that when
I fall down I don't stay down no I get
right back up you know I get back up and
I you know I live to fight another day
yeah that's what I want you to take from
you know bigger lesson same thing take a
lesson all for that you know because a
lot of people they get knocked down but
it's easy to get knocked down
where are you willing to get back up and
you see me get back up I've got back up
time and time again when I didn't want
to what I did it just because you know
what I have children and me yeah and I
need them yeah so that's the lesson you
know that's what I want you to take from
me you know
no matter what life gives to you or does
to you never stay down get back up I
tried my best feels right because you
know in this world it's crucial you know
yeah and as as much as we don't want to
stay down this people want you to be
done you know I'm saying but as you say
we use the one who have to get up on a
fire takes a lot and I'm never gonna see
you down and not help you because that's
just not me of course you know that's
not me I'm not gonna stay down and then
watch my you know I'm gonna always do
whatever I can to help you know vice
versa if you know if you see you know
like I said if you see me in a dark
place let me go to that dark place but
don't allow me to stay here right you
know and get lost in that exactly so I
didn't allow you to get lost
to get lost
okay
oh here we go what is the pain what is
the pain in me you like to see um you
like you like you like to heal like I
would like the pain of your son to heal
but I know the process
I know healing is a process and it
everybody heals differently you know and
I don't expect you to heal now you know
but as I said my friend you need my
shoulder to lean on to cry oh and I'm
always here for you Tasha but it is hard
it is hard you know on yeah you just
have to take a day by day you know I
would like to see you get strong you
know you take it you do the good job yes
you doing a good job you know because as
you say you was down you got back up use
a fighter you use you strong if you did
it yeah and you're still doing it like I
tell people you have to allow me time to
heal no don't you know they see the
makeup and they might see me smile and
they feel that I'm okay but internally
I'm still healing of course you know
because the worst possible thing
happened to me with you know yeah and
it's gonna take a minimum of me you know
it's gonna take a minute for me to heal
and that's why it's called grief yeah
you know I take steps in healing because
you know what like I tell people all the
time it's my journey yeah this is my
journey isn't you know it's not no one
this is my journey and I'm walking my
journey and I'm going to I know that I'm
going to be here because I have enough
you know so everybody who believes in me
just have to just let me be now let me
heal of course yeah definitely what's
the most ridiculous thing I've done what
did it teach you about me my emotion
what isn't
[Laughter]
fighting poverty so many things what I
dress because they don't even know what
they allowing you to go live like you
know my thing is there's so many things
you know you just have fun and some
people take it personally yes but I just
know who you are and again like I said
the most ridiculous thing is you go in
life because you go in life is going to
destroy so no you go in life I'm sorry
like they don't even know what they did
when they went live like oh my god no
y'all gave her more room to be for you
that I already know who you are so
there's nothing that you do surprises me
right it's like okay did she really
that's the only thing I'd be like okay
she really go there like if somebody
doesn't know you they will take certain
things personally but again again
Facebook should've never went live I
have to say about that so that's the
most ridiculous thing a fake yes
Facebook should I take Facebook should
have never went hi I wanted to teach you
about war uh is that you know what I'm
you know Anna's death she's crazy and
but if she's a good crazy she's a fun
crazy and she's just like me she keeps
everything 100% and half of the time
people don't like that because you know
what you have a strong personality just
like me yeah I have a strong personality
yeah and some people you know handle
people who have strong personality yeah
that's why we don't we don't never cross
paths
fine you're always going to be you know
crossing paths with the wrong people
because they can't handle your
personality but like I said the most
thing it's like I said Facebook should I
never allow you know never been able to
allow you to go live
that's all right thing because the day
you went like everybody life went to
hell thank you for being on there if
somebody has never seen you live they
wouldn't even understand what I'm
talking I'll take it as a compliment
yes what scares you what scares you the
most died I know we all have to we all
have to but I don't really want to and
I'm really really scared I wouldn't even
put myself in harm's way
you know because just me say no and
thinking about that one day I would not
be here it freaks you know it sometime I
like I want to get a panic attack that's
just thinking one day you know you look
around it's no more me no more and no
more mommy no more auntie is just no
more so really and truly you know I like
to tell nobody it really scares me you
know just knowing that one day that I'm
not going to be here
yeah when do you feel I misunderstand
you we have never had no
misunderstanding so that kind of
Wednesday that's kind of where to me
again because we don't never like you
know we don't never disagree on we're
not in each other's face yes all the
time so when we talk is just to vent to
vent oh I call you we talk with Benton
you're deaf for me we don't have that
kind of massage that friendship where we
disagree and I thank God that we haven't
gotten to that point yeah but we have
never had that type of friendship where
we do disagree and it's over seventeen
[Music]
but no we have no we have never never
never I could sit here and actually say
we have really never disagreed yeah you
know we don't spend much time like we
used to but nobody would never know that
if they've never seen us but we have
never disagreed exactly not dead not a
Natasha maybe somebody else what are you
getting out of this friendship plus what
what would you do to improve it what
should I do to improve it go horn in the
park and have some ice cream
no I figure I'm not sorry ma'am watching
you spend more time together but you
need English we could really do make
some more time feature well we were
y'all go
spend so much time and also I believe
that we as we sit here doing this we
should make some more time we can still
go out you like the casinos and I think
because I don't like lose any money but
no there's other things that we can do
you know you're close to the park and we
can you know go out and have fun and go
live a single life on Facebook
okay no but we you know we're not
getting any younger we're getting older
you know a little more time with my
friend yes it was roasting chicken on a
stick
yeah I would love to spend some more
time with you
yeah so we gonna sit here and make that
fat rice okay a little more time with
each other right for real okay but not
the casino no I know ice cream your
fingers right okay when did you first
feel like a mother um for me when I
first felt like a mother a lot of people
would think is when I had a keel but
it's not even when I had a keel because
when I had a keel I was still living
life like I didn't have a child because
I was so party one doing every single
thing that I wanted to do when I first
felt like I'm one days when I gave birth
to Rishon because now there was nobody
to help me you know I had moved out from
a Kiehl's father's house and I went back
home to my apartment and you know now I
had to decide what like what am I going
to do I can't allow my father to raise
my children
so it's either you're gonna have to step
up and be a mother
Oh else you're gonna be the one of the
worst mother so when is when I had
vashaun
that's when I started taking mother hurt
seriously that's for me you know I don't
have to rely on the city of like when I
had no because when I had a keel I was
living life and doing every single thing
you know well for me personally I had I
had was to take mothers yeah you had
Annesley from John fries you didn't have
anybody like
the support and the you know the 24-hour
babysitters like me I did not that love
to me so from day one you know and we
got pregnant at a young age you know so
yeah we had what to take it seriously
because nobody there for us and then I
was living on my own yeah you had my own
apartments like it was a strain it was a
struggle this is it I have to go there
and get I have to go there make sure my
kids have a roof over my head
make sure the builds his face you know
we didn't want to grow up so fast but
yet still we did and you know whit don't
provide you with you know we could give
it up all that milk come on you know
yeah so I have to do it from a from from
jump yeah the minute I got pregnant is
when I know that's where my motherhood
start because it's like it's me and me
again it was not in you know I had
everything easy for you should go with
my second choose my second it took my
second son for me to realize yo you have
to take me and a mother seriously and I
could obviously I could sit here now and
say it's one of the best thing that ever
happened to me
I don't regret nothing I don't regret
you know do I regret the pain that I'm
in yes I do but I don't regret nothing
about being a mother because you know
what it made me a bet it made me a
better woman it made me a better person
yeah it made me a better version of
myself I love my children more than
anything in the world and I know they
drive you crazy about it yeah so yeah
yeah when did you football
so did you yeah what have you learned
from me that changed you hmm
what I learned from you Tasha
as I said
you going out there and fighting and
being an advocate and doing what you
have to do as a mom you know I look up
to you for that I kid you not I talked
of you highly you know because as I said
you actually went and made Hillary
Clinton these are the things you know
you have to send like them you know
Tasha did a lot of compliments how she
did a lot you know right I wish like why
you know it could be me right but as I
said it was a situation that we didn't
want to go to for you to be you know
what you have to go true to be the
strong individual RIA was always strong
but you got stronger thank you you got
stronger you know and I said my you for
the courage for the for the greatness
even with you would you mr. Underwood
the June he said jr. and that's okay get
it right you put him out there to you
you haven't been you didn't have to put
him out there he wanted to be okay he
wanted to be a voice you know so that
was even that was an A+ that well you
know and that's my godson you know so
right like that's my god so he's I'm
back to the right get it right yeah he's
like you know I had to do what I had to
do again
there's only when you get knocked down
you see how strong you really are
and I've learned you know I know who my
friends are and who they aren't yeah so
it's nothing more like I just keep
moving you should I have to if I don't
yeah I'll get left behind
yeah I'm going to see Hillary again all
right I'm going I'm going to the
convention to see all of our friends
were looking like Tasha did it you know
I did it I don't feel like they're there
for my girl you know holding on to
Hillary yeah yeah we were talking nicely
accomplishments you know a heck we what
are you hesitant to tell me you know
what I'm hesitant to tell real it's time
to leave Russell I think I told you no I
know you would say the same thing for me
but do you know what tells me to move to
let him go that's the only thing I've
really been hesitant to tell you because
I would not lie I've always liked my
thing is you support your friends you
support your relationship and whatever
makes them happy I always try to say
whatever makes you happy makes you happy
and if it's no longer making you happy
time to let him we'll go because you are
strong you're beautiful and you have
been doing it by yourself and you know
what change is good right
just good yes you can okay we'll work on
that okay but that's the only thing I've
never really been like that's the only
thing because you know you don't want to
break up your friendship by telling your
friend okay it's time to get rid of you
your significant other but now as we're
here you know what
change is good yeah changes but alright
please yes if you could wish one thing
for me what would it be and why I love
that I would wish for you to win a
million gazillion trillion dollars so I
can live happily ever so you can live so
you can live happily ever after right
[Music]
no I wish what do i what was reading
again there um if you could wish one
thing for me what would it be and why I
would wish you long life yeah that's
tough health because I want you to be
able to be there for your kids for your
family for your friends for a keel yeah
you know I want you to still do what you
doing I want you to tell me who you are
you know so this is what I would wish
for you to not change who you know
because you are kind-hearted upgrade I
read this for you read it if you could
wish one thing for me what would it be
and why could you please get off my
facebook like really but really can you
just leave the people on Facebook life
alone but what I would wish for you is I
would wish you continued peace because
we all need peace and I will wish you
you know I want you to find someone who
makes you happy I mean we like to say
that you don't need no Everett you don't
need no we don't need a man or we don't
need this but I would want you to find
somebody who truly makes you happy
because you deserve that and you know
and I just wish I wish you all the best
I want to see you continue smiling you
know and just continue being a great
mother and you know just keep motivating
and keep pushing your kids because we
know it's hard to raise your young
african-american children it's not
really raising them and you have done
such a marvelous job with them so I
would wish as for you to just kind of
just stay off of Facebook live
what quality in me do you wish you had
and why oh my god I wish I had the
bitchh I don't know I think I'm
sometimes straightforward but not as you
like it's like I don't give a damn but I
do
but would you you really don't give a
damn when you don't give a damn
sometimes I you know what you know when
I see you I wish for myself that I could
just be smiling like oh you know cuz I
know I used to be that way before
yes I would like to see that in myself
again you know that's you know that's
what but you know I just wish I could be
as happy again happy again I call your
you are and you say that I'm strong but
you don't even realize how strong you
are so you know what I'm gonna need some
of your strength to come over to me so
because you know what I love to go
getter in you and you know so I wish
some of those things on myself you know
because it's been a long long long long
time I've hurt and pain right and it's
time to you know it's not gonna be easy
but it's time to start living again yes
and I will help you you helped book life
for the ice cream okay over okay all
right I'm holding a Jay Tasha okay hello
do you think we'll be this close in 15
years why why or why not if we don't die
before that that's what it takes
get my ship I think it's been we've been
friends yeah most friendship don't
survive this long right you know they
don't survive this long for real I think
we have done fine
mmm-hmm and will continue to you know
will continue to do great you know it's
not easy but like I said we have a good
friendship and I'm not gonna change it
because it works for us yes you know you
try to change something at my method I
work what we have is so important to me
I cherish it every day I mean we don't
get to spend much time but I I so miss
spending time with you because I
remember coming to your house all the
time and you