when you think about the first time we
met what do you mean
what do you love about our relationship
we are how much we love each other how
much respect we have our open up in our
communication I lose family how much fun
we have how we never get bored we get
into trouble where we go what don't you
like about a relations the back of our
relationship is when you think the plane
whatever we both check the were the
perfect and we found each other because
make you be
window.event consisting in a really
tight subway car when there's other
people pushing against us no I'm just
kidding I think I think when we get into
an argument and then we get past it and
we we you know how sometimes you have
not you but people in general when
you're arguing you have a tendency to
close out and just like walk away or
whatever but I think we sometimes we do
that and we don't do that and we
actually get through the hard part of
the argument and then we talk about
everything what do you mean by that or
why would you say that literally every
part so that nothing is left to the
imagination and you're like but I don't
feel safe asking a question or whatever
so I feel when we really have a deep
discussion
I feel closest to you because I feel
like we have nothing to hide can't tell
you when I'm thinking right now I feel
like we both get uncomfortable when I
got uncomfortable when I get angry and
in expressing that and then maybe we're
still hooked sometime from whatever is
going on and then just cleared out and
the people dish it out or whatever and
then after that you because it feels
like I got it I guess I got
what are you hesitant to tell me right
now well in general when I hit
intercarrier interpretation I think I'm
happy to tell you something when in
which bad news like if I run over a bird
[Laughter]
by the way that was a joke right
you know I never ran over a bird right
talking about the situation of the dead
bird behind the car okay and I told you
to keep moving keep driving because I
think no stomach expected about and
you've a harder time moving on faster so
I had to sleep with the pain in that
time I think sometimes we need to
discipline me if I told me something I
knew that made me a little heavy little
tongue but I tell you but I like Joe
well how do you think that I would be
disappointed in you probably couldn't
get the pointing with myself already if
I did something that I shouldn't have
done was something like that
like everybody know better and you often
lecture me about tipping curves myself
and sometimes when I have an off day
doing like and I knew how I not doing
and I still gives you for telling me
that but for the most part I'd only if
they had Mia telling anything cuz I
already I'm already in your head and I'm
already reading your thoughts right
moving on
[Laughter]
admire the back tracks I've ever had
yeah I actually don't remember any other
stuck something for you cuz they're so
long ago doctor combat not our sex so
long ago I said other people 11 years
okay I wouldn't know I think you yes I
think it's the best because I feel the
most open with you in every way so it
makes it closest okay the most intimate
I guess but you know this questioning is
negative to me there's no need to
sugarcoat anything
yes okay I'm just talking whatever is
coming you know like because that
question I think a lot of people would
like kind of stumble with that one girl
like hey it is but it is you can't beat
the backing up your thing you know
anyone who you or me what do you mean
people in general what's the biggest
compromise that you've made that I
haven't acknowledged
I don't know I think all of the things
that I compromised with you have already
fucked it was about do you feel like up
knowledge every compromise that you made
I think fully like for example first
being together I told you by the way I
was looking for a true bedroom apartment
a widely regarded did we have two
separate bedrooms
yes you didn't want to sleep with the
door instead of a window so no closet
okay seriously bedroom apartment but you
liked it first
I followed you right I don't give my not
complaining at all but I always
visualized hiding these fingers had my
own apartment and there didn't work but
I wouldn't say that thing anything
do I have an acknowledge that I think
you already had your own apartment you
already had it for a few years so I
think it wasn't a big deal
but I really wouldn't move it back and I
was coming from high school I used to
hold on now I think sometimes I kind of
just a little bit didn't have the
opportunity to have my own apartment you
can start no indeed whether it's plaster
mold but there was bad thing when I was
younger and had an act on my job yeah
the one that experienced bad it is good
enough I'm better than them your own
apartment
yes didn't you think the thing I will
visualize living Alexian apartment oh
that yeah I think I acknowledge that a
lot that you're living in a dump not
looking gonna dump between the wedding I
think I'll try to do anything yes that's
all it is
um what do you wish had never been a
part of our experience drowning oh come
on no I really I have not nightmares but
I if I have to think back and relive
that moment again I will have heart
palpitations again it's good no but let
me take it back because I don't want to
I don't regret it because now I know
never to go in the water with you okay
so maybe saved me from something worse
possible but no I guess I just wish we
never had that experience I think all of
the experiences in life in general if
you live through them and you succeed
and get through I think are worth living
through so it's not really but if I had
to pick that would be one or it's the
only one that really comes to mind where
I felt like I was this close to dying
another 30 seconds I'm sorry I'm really
sorry for almost killing you look back
and good laugh and the beautiful I'm
only laughing because I don't I don't
want to think about it into my hands I'm
sorry it's okay I already forgave you oh
okay what would make you leave me
I think you that I love with me if you
didn't like me anymore he didn't want to
be with me you would sense that you mean
you would accept that and beyond can
tell me that I've been Hollywood actor
since that too
we're so close so if one person is not
in truth we tend to figure that out
already
Oh other times in doing that attacks our
relationship yes bring it on
doot da doot ow
I feel like you already know this but I
feel like I can't really go out as much
as I want to because we're around people
who don't sign and then either I have to
interpret or I feel like you're left out
and I don't like that I think we're
we're less social because of that partly
[Music]
I hope so I mean it's not a huge deal
but out like going dancing it's more
like you know the group where I go with
the Russians I like I like that I would
love to bring you more I feel like it's
it it's both when we're there people
don't come up to us because we're
signing and we're not welcoming they
can't just come and be like so what are
you guys talking about you know they
can't and so it becomes like our own
little bubble that is people like and
the other way is that if they come I
come up to them and traduce you whatever
the conversation is like you know so da
I mean it's not like a huge deal but
it's just something that I think makes a
difference that and also me having to
wake up when the baby cries because you
can't hear it that I'm here but I had to
nurse on I mean I'm not going with the
people kind of a bow so much because of
the staining well because they don't
know how to behave this way misspelling
anything at that person I never start we
think that I'm like a bug repellent okay
if the back and look at the last time we
went through the working group remember
I took at the bar yes
and I sat there and those time capturing
on the TV always walking knew well
that's not that's not what I want I
don't know with you and then have you
sits up really well I'm like chatting
looking at you and people I think what's
she doing there by herself I didn't mind
that stand but it's just not it's not
now it's not comfortable
oh by the way tonight is canceled son
again
so we tactics disgusting just go ahead
if there's more heat things coming up
can you just go I'm gonna try that's why
I told you I was gonna go tonight my
only 12 makes you wait to the last
minute coming back in the shoes but you
know I don't want my definitely anything
about me to stop you from being the
person were supposed to be I think going
back and had a question there were being
that a deal breaker for our relationship
if I change myself into either one of us
I think that would first concern we'll
both together that you're invested I
mean mission who both had into the night
thing but we're going to continue being
in finish we are eating together they're
gonna move
what's the most difficult lesson you've
learned from being with me you have to
compromise it's a most difficult it
sounds like the if it's rushing in the
world but to actually do it
I like things my way I like to have a
vision this is the way this is gonna
happen
I'm coming like a tornado okay and then
forced me to take a step back and say
okay this is not my world okay it's not
your world but we need to find a way to
meet you know common ground and I feel
like I learned I'm with a few Weeke I
learned that chicken I think I got it
then at another situation that occurred
took away like a familiar name
when do you get frustrated that I'm dad
oh I get frustrated when we have to cook
together do something fast and I can't
talk to you because we have to sign
right so I have something in my hands
and I'm like oh I want to tell you
something you look or I can get your
attention you're like somewhere and I'm
like Oh or you know that kind of
situation makes me frustrated in general
that kind of thing words like I am
changing Jackson's diapers and you are
in the room
oiling yourself and I'm like oh I need
you to come and help me because it's
poop everywhere and I can't call you
okay I wish I could tell Tennessee to go
get you but she's like this okay
No when was the last time you wish you
could hear I'm fine I think I know who
took me by my drachma cheated her I
don't know Oh
maybe fried me after writing here
there's too much talking going on
understand what's going on I got a lift
with everything but that's something
that happens to you then very often I
was shaking heel again if I had never
had a new hearing maybe I wouldn't carry
on like that
would he have this don't know what are
you frustrated and I know that I can't
be as active that was before don't be
difficult it exclaimed in my face each
time doing comedy stuff that I can't am
i doing with them understand I'm like
could I feel it laughing I don't have
that ability to have a full conversation
I didn't have to work football it's hard
to ask um yeah I think that's another
thing that is different between you and
other deaf people that I've talked to
about you know remember I told you I
talked to Monica about relationship
hearing deaf and and I just feel like
people who deaf did a little bit
different can be frustrating but it's a
little bit like that's life but for you
it's like you used to hear you could be
involved but like I would never ever ask
to be hearing what would I activate
that's never been but what I hard of
hearing before yeah I miss dad yeah
maybe when I'm sick leave me be won't
care as much maybe everyone around you
would be hard of hearing who talked
about this more in our relationship and
how do you feel about that yeah you're
sacrificed more now I'm sure yes put
even better you sacrificed your
for my habits my cleaning habits my I
don't know I just feel like I don't
really sacrifice anything so therefore
you sacrifice more can i disagree with
you really mm-hmm
Oh being one of those shark attacks more
boy I look at you okay one again hearing
okay but it's more work okay it's more
work okay me yeah but it's fun yeah but
some time with no fun okay but sometimes
not so fine to your family and your
background and that exactly jumping up
and down being with the woman okay well
what about your family
daily the schooling will get them -
sorry I don't think so but remember you
were hanging out with your Christian
aren't a lot more before you met me
okay please we don't give a flying fuck
my leg everybody - I pick up mentally
in our relationship I try how was
difficult and wise with doing a man I
got I'm sorry give me at the games but
for the wedding I bleep she's supposed
to walk you down the aisle it's that
yeah mommy still struggling so I feel
like daughter to mom that relationship
shoe and Quentin and you guys were going
back and forth and I don't know what I'm
doing Makua upset and they don't forget
your dad don't forget Carlos - when we
got together your friendship kind of
dissolve - I just feel like how we deal
with life is here that the thing so sue
me I thought like hey maybe we'll
delineate it two things maybe I felt
like sure I'm black I'm deaf and if you
know so what okay
I'm already down so much before you if
they like and then when you say you had
to come down you didn't but you had a
lot more obstacles being with me than I
did with you
cool I you asked me a question so I'm
asking that
do you wonder what Jackson sounds like
oh yeah I'm I was talking but in
exchange with any say mmm it's painful
that's why you want him to sign more but
it still he's still hearing he still
talks there's a mattress not bad pain
can't kick that around he was singing he
singing you can't get that back and like
a man if he shine he be Steve he
imitates me so Mike I'm leaving aware of
that it sucks but I like it sucks so do
you feel like that moment you wish you
good here mm-hmm I think I wish that so
did the thing with exchange what do I do
that you shoot a moose I don't know it's
so hard because I was thinking about how
much Tonya hurts me she has this huge
ability to hurt me and I really get hurt
a lot by her but I almost I can't say I
get hurt by you I only I guess what
hurts me is when you remember we talked
about when you walk away and I feel like
well remember that time when you said
something like oh I'm gonna leave I'm
gonna go to my mom that hurts me because
I feel like you're not it it's double
because you are very good at talking and
you're good at and I'm not that great
and you taught me how to come in to get
better but then you be like and you're
leaving so I feel like that hurts me for
that reason that if you're in the middle
of a discussion and it's not really
going I feel like sometimes the best
thing to do is to walk away and calm
down a little bit and come back fine but
there has to be a moment where you like
before you walk away that we're okay
because sometimes it feels like and like
I wasn't okay you ready to pack up and
go to your mom's you called her and you
say I'm on my way and I'm like for real
it just feels a little bit like but I
think in magic that's when we look at it
definitely I killed so much about the
relationship at that moment I just felt
like I need to be stirred out you will
know Kara but I wasn't okay either and
they knew that we continue going back we
didn't have to continue doing that there
has to be another thing we can do that
does not involve okay
I think luangta scattered but the
problem with that it wasn't happening
look at what that moon
okay yes what's your proudest moment
between us difficulties tuning that
moment proudest
I know that in mechanics and they think
we do not gain a punch card in big river
I made him cry we made him cry don't
think he was crying he was crying uh-huh
oh I know why you say that I just wish
you didn't say it because other people
might be watching because group hour
[Music]
when at the teams like a talk show
I know it sounds a little bit childish
bad you feel like all of the things that
we've done getting out those who making
Jackson are following the science
experiment by we're the really cool
science experiment came out and shocked
and came out hmm
but they feel like mmm I inspected earth
dance
what do you wish you can healing me what
pings you take away from me okay well
I'm gonna I wish you could love yourself
the way I love you because I think
sometimes you don't see things about I
think it's true for everybody but I
think because you have someone else who
really like loves everything about you I
wish you could feel the same way about
yourself if we cannot start down in the
bottom
that's one thing so many I forgot to add
today had to be from today no oh give me
alone open the cattle I'm going through
them I think the minute I'm going to
pick it when they made me laugh almost
we can connect Japanese man home I think
finding out that was pregnant with
Jackson that was like so we are
seriously I'm like hey it really dies
having egg and sperm Wow thing almost
drowning okay please don't
[Music]
I don't know it's hard because I work on
teaching that we have almost every day
drinking cheese I'm getting a lot okay
maybe okay maybe that long trip to New
Jersey that took two or three hours to
see that house and getting lost in the
cornfield and stranger and we're gonna
get killed because quickly with fern and
weeks about yeah I think yeah I think
any time we it's like spontaneous
unplanned fun why do you elect me I
don't know I'm gonna come up with like a
smart way to say it I guess amendment
wait what money you have money why do I
love you I love you because you actually
some common issues definitely Susie I
know anything Ranga you ignor it's okay
no not what I married you I love you
that's different okay
very just for the health insurance yeah
I think you're special
okay I love you because I don't think
that anyone in the world literally of
however many billions of people there
are nobody can make me be like myself
like I am with you and make me feel so
happy I think that's kind of in a
nutshell because there's many many
reasons but I think overall because I'm
always wondering like why how is it
possible that we're still together
not that we're still together but any
kind of relationship that lasts for a
long time you know and you know some
people say about oh seven years you kind
of like reevaluate everything and you
know what I mean and I just feel like
we've gotten through so many
points in a relationship where we're
still and we still love each other so I
think it's in a nutshell it's just how
we are together and how you make me feel
and I just I don't think there's anyone
in the world who's like you
ditto don't make it sound like dildo I
knew that's why you're laughing yeah
okay I get it
I gotta do the same way I think it was
speech I remember you I just remember
Lee was okay but it was kind of like
doing it sitting up there in amidst each
other need to do one little situation
for I think me the gang I kept doing it
till we finally know if each other and
that means fun fun fun um do we
disappoint know what we know each other
sure oh you mean there's nothing that we
there's no surprises man it's hard to
talk and shuttle every day non-stop
oh yeah we're like linked to the hip but
what's really good to know that we both
we are where we think we should be you
know anymore
because if I think yeah I know you well
and then that's fine that the answer is
off its Justin but it's nice to know the
will anything cake yeah
no surprises no could about how did you
feel about it no curve balls mm-hmm oh
look surprise it is No ah really
I don't know I think we know each other
enough I think that
there's no surprises mm-hmm I think we
know each other enough so there's no
surprises but I still think sometimes we
don't talk about everything so it's nice
to bring up some things that either feel
good or we can you know bring up again
to discuss things a lot of people I
think the relationship to Google they
know each other so well doing the back
of money the farm on it and think mix it
down like oh oh and I always wonder if
I'm feeling a little bit too comforting
about that but today just assume that
yeah you do know each other very aware
I'm not very happy with each other it's
a big thing how did you feel about it
yeah it's a good thing they said I
already told you a thing