I forgot to count oh we're supposed to
be counting what's your favorite
childhood memory and why my favorite
childhood memory hmm but you know it's
funny because this is a nice memory but
I don't really remember it that well but
there's like bits of it that I remember
going to the Bronx Zoo I think and
getting froggy dough wasn't at the Bronx
Zoo or I think so yeah I don't all I
remember from that memory is like
looking up and I remember there's a
bunch of big frogs on the like up on the
shelves I think that's right yeah that's
such a hard question like like how can I
choose one memory so probably that just
because I don't remember it that well
and I love froggy Doo that's fine
that'll work actually what's your
favorite childhood memory my favorite
childhood memory and why my childhood
your childhood of your child
mm probably I remember like coming to
the stairs and seeing a whole bunch of
foil covered chocolate bunnies for
Easter and I just felt like so rich and
abundant like the it just felt like this
abundance it was just this really good
feeling of like oh yes I have so much
and somebody loves me so much that I
have all these chocolate Easter bunnies
and then later on I found out they
weren't even for my parents yeah but
that's one of them oh and actually
something that I always go back to the
the hill going around in Germany around
the corner up the hill and just making
daisy chains it was like so relaxing I
that's one of my happy places that I go
to when I want to relax okay
wait do us one now then since I know
what are your fondest memories with me I
remember like when when we were sleeping
like next to each other and just looking
into each other's eyes and you would
like smile and and it was just like cozy
and in 157 or anywhere it's like I
wasn't aware where we were it was just
remembering that you were there and it
was like a nice feeling it was like I'm
not alone in the world like that what's
the greatest lesson I taught you
well I think their lesson is that you
weren't like hey look know this about
life it was just like from growing up I
think being like strong and independent
and just like I don't know I feel like I
have like a adventurous and like strong
personality because like I just
witnessed that and you so it's and I
like that that's something I learned
from you without it being like oh you
should know this about life you know it
was like you never told me that it's
just like you were just being yourself
and through that and I really get out
saving money to really good with money
sixty okay yeah what do you think are my
best qualities as a mother oh it was
your takeover okay when were you
proudest of me and why one particular
thing
[Music]
just it's not like a moment or anything
like I just seeing you grow into an
adult like I remember when you were even
a teenager and reading things at your
Road and it was like always having to
correct so much and like ah don't you
understand
you know and then now like I'll read
things at you right it's like hey this
is like she's a person and it's like
it's like a I feel proud that you are
perfect that sounds crazy but it's like
this weird thing cuz you're like this
little and then it you know just yeah I
mean I'm proud of you you're like a good
person think there's like a lot of
things that are part of you for and yeah
okay so what do you think are my best
qualities as a mother best qualities as
a mother
[Laughter]
okay you're all ready I won't look at
you no you can look at me those
qualities as a mother I mean I think it
goes back to what I said like what
you've taught me I think that you you
know you were a mother by yourself
that's like I don't you know I can't
like choose one thing there were like
good things and bad things about you
being a mother but like you did it I
think that's the best thing you know you
you were young and you decided to be a
mother and do the best you could and you
know I never felt neglected of love
which is pretty good for someone who's
doing it by themselves you know there's
moments works like Oh like you know are
Oh have you hugged you're like you know
you're not that affectionate but like I
never felt like you didn't love me ever
yeah I think that's that's something
that I it's funny and like now that I'm
the age I am I am like lately I've been
thinking about the fact that like you
were this age and you had kids like
that's crazy to me like I can't imagine
that's crazy to me so I think that you
just like kept going you know
what do you most admire about me you
have an optimistic outlook you
appreciate things that can be come you
could choose to see it as a negative but
you're mature enough now to be able to
see the positive in it for example the
fact that you're paying for your own
college and technically I could pay for
it what I choose not to and the fact
that instead of being a jerk about it
and being like what was me you're like
you know what this is good because it's
teaching me independence I'm doing
really well because I'm doing it myself
and you're seeing the lesson in it
instead of feeling sorry for yourself
and that says a lot you know you're not
pitying yourself you're like what could
I get out of this and and you see what
I'm trying to say and you I feel like
sometimes you can understand where I'm
coming from
and you know what advice would you give
me to being a better mother
hmm maybe I think advice I'd give you is
just like well we've talked about like
and it sucks because I kind of overheard
you into a little bit but not on this
question or anything but just that
concept of like the whole like comparing
thing like the wanting or feeling like
you didn't get certain things in life so
you like feel a type of way about like
what you give us I guess I'm not trying
to explain it but I advise I maybe be be
proud of yourself more and give yourself
more credit because I think that in
areas where where it seems like you're
like oh I didn't get this so why should
they get that you know that whole thing
I think that comes from like not
recognizing like pitying yourself for
your situation rather than recognizing
how like well you're doing in your
situation so probably also being a
little bit more positive when it comes
to and a little bit more confident
because that rubs off on other people I
think that there's areas where it's like
yeah of course everyone's insecure about
certain things and it's hard to be alone
and like have all these feelings and not
have someone supporting you and like
making you feel like you know not having
a partner like oh you're a great mom you
know it's like you know what I mean I
mean it's true it's like I think that
you just need to have more of an
awareness of how
like love you are and how you know well
you've done and then that will just
spread out to your children and other
people you know what I mean so it's like
I guess being a little bit more positive
I guess that's my advice
yeah that's a hard question they're all
hard what moment or moments do you feel
I let you down and how do you feel about
it now what it's my turn oh oh I took
your turn again I'm sorry I don't even
know if I did that was when or what was
the toughest moment and our relationship
and how do you feel about it when you
were a teenager and you were out of
control and you were like screaming at
me and being disrespectful they even
said I hate you or something I think you
said that I was like what how does that
even come out of your mouth and just I
was flabbergasted yeah how do you feel
about it now oh I feel like oh you know
what that was just a face she went
through and thankfully she's matured
since then and that was like just this
thing it's not like part of who you are
you just went through something and
you've grown you've matured and you
don't do that stuff anymore and I'm very
glad about that yeah it's really cool
it's just in a few years so you changed
just in a few years like a lot
now what moment or moments do you feel I
let you down and how do you feel about
it now
I don't know I think like you compared
me to tie a lot and I don't know I think
that you were like you were a little bit
too hard on the grounding stuff yeah I
feel like tie was bad and then you were
like preparing yourself for like let me
make sure this kid isn't bad you know
yeah I feel like you like expected me to
be bad and sure I was bad on my own I'm
not believing you for me being bad but
like there was a lot of instances where
you made me feel like a really bad kid
before I like you've got a chance to be
one yeah
and how do you feel about now oh I don't
fully understand but I'm like able to
recognize that it's hard to you know
parent someone and like hard to know how
to you know make sure that they're you
do the right thing and do the wrong
thing so in it I was just like you know
I felt however I felt I felt hurt or
didn't understand but I'm sure no you're
just trying to make sure that your kid
is good and then there's no rulebook
yes were you here for this oh I mean we
say this all the time you know yeah it's
like there's no right way like you could
have done you could have done that or
you you could have done something
differently and you know it's like the
achieve result is this what do I do to
get that click click click click
yeah if only my turn Oh
what are you hesitant to tell me I mean
I might have already told you this but I
don't trust Nico oh yeah like I don't
want you to have negative feelings for
me about my feelings for Nico but I
don't trust him I think he's very
selfish and even though like whenever he
shows his vulnerable side my heart goes
out to him but I don't trust him I don't
like him in my house what yeah are you
serious I mean that sucks
not without preparing me not without
like the way you keep like you know oh
by the way we're over here or something
like that like drives me nuts you know
and I like it limited to just a little
bit here and there I wonder if it's Nico
or just people like I feel like you're
just not very open with your home you
know I mean I'm not cuz it's messy but
also I don't trust him yeah it's like
he's sure hey I've seen evidence of that
he's out for himself
and he puts himself in front of
everybody he puts himself first always
like he doesn't strike me as someone who
really cares about anyone but himself
oh yeah I mean honestly that's just oh
and I know I feel bad telling you this
because like I don't want you to I know
you got mad at me before because I said
something about him and like your
feelings for him and that I thought you
were weak from being with him all the
time which you know I'm glad you're
stronger an hour and everything like
that but yeah anyway I don't hate him
okay even though you already told me
that
I was like did I tell you or now that
you know sometimes it's like something
on your mind and you're like skipping
you like don't want to tell someone then
and then you tell them anyway and then
you still you forgot that you told them
because you like yeah okay I cannot get
it straight
what does a mistake you see me make
repeatedly why do you think I keep
making it what is a mistake I think you
make repeatedly like in general or in
life were with kids like I we've talked
about this before and I stand by it this
concept that you have not even the
concept just like the way you go about
it that whole like the world owes me
something like yes absolutely the world
owes everyone something you know I think
it's the attitude behind it like no it's
it seems weird it's weird to me because
like you know I know you're a good
person but it makes you seem like a bad
person when you say that like it makes
you seem when you say that too ugly to
me
and I think having that attitude having
that attitude like they're I don't know
I it's not you're not gonna get what you
want if you're sitting around like the
world owes me something you know it's
just I think that that can hold you back
and do I like to say it the way so you
don't say it a lot you don't but I mean
your did you say it to me because it's
moments where you're just like no
confiding but you understand why no I
absolutely understand why you and I
don't and if I had it and I think some
people should feel that way and I feel
like some people have a right to feel
that way and some people don't have a
right to feel that way
you know like in in the world there's
it's the balance you know and some
people have like a lot of bad stuff and
very little good stuff and vice-versa or
whatever and and I always try to balance
it out it's like my mission in life
whenever I see somebody who has like I
would never help someone who's in a
better position than me like yeah I try
not to like anyone who has more money
than me and they're younger than me and
they ask me how for something you just
have a very like I understand your
concepts of the world but it's like so
weird and OCD it's like yeah I've been
like I get everything I get what you're
saying but like I don't know it's just
like the way you think about it it's
like it's weird I don't know I think
what I think what it is is I think that
you should just like you know accept
what's going on and you should think
that like you know you should want
things and what things for yourself but
like just that I don't know there's
something about like the world owes me
it's just it's just strange to me and I
think it's just a weird way to put it
it's it seems selfish and you have a
right to be selfish because you you know
you've not had that much of an
opportunity to live your own life
you know but I think in some situations
it holds you back like socially you know
just having that yeah it does now
live your life and stop thinking about
it so much just let it come don't be
like once my stuff gonna come this week
yeah okay okay what's the hardest thing
about being the mom oh I'm gonna use my
safe answer not knowing what to do not
not knowing what words to say what
actions to take in order to achieve the
desired results that's the hardest thing
and also like knowing that no matter
what you do it could be wrong no matter
what you do your kids could end up like
having bad feelings about you and no
matter you could be like having the best
intentions and then you do it this way
or that way or the other way or the
opposite way and no matter which way you
do it they're gonna end up mad and
having bad thoughts about you and stuff
or other people will and and bad things
are gonna happen no matter what
that that I mean I'm not saying always
bad things but I'm just saying that's
the hard part like being afraid of the
consequences of every single decision
that you make and it's like this is your
making decision making that's it making
choices like deciding what should I do
that
it's really hard right mm-hmm
what's the pain in me you'd like to heal
just like
I think the fact that you feel like
alone you know I've always I mean I
don't know if I told you this and I feel
bad but one day I went to the basement
and I like opened one of the books and I
read a little bit it was just like you
know you felt trapped having kids and I
don't know it's it's weird and I'm glad
you had us and stuff but sometimes I
feel bad I feel like you know you didn't
get to like you know live as much as you
could have were like you know we're held
back by having kids in some ways and I
don't know I've always like felt this
like I wish I could just like brick put
love into my mom to life like and yeah I
mean I can give you love and stuff like
that but like having like I guess a
significant other like that's always
really bothered me because it's like you
know why is my mom alone like you know
and it's like there's nothing wrong with
you so that's not the problem and that's
why I feel like the problem is you don't
even have time to go out and find that
because you're just like here you know
being a mom all the time so that I you
know that's not something I can heal I
mean the only thing I can do is like
give my love and appreciation but it's
still like I don't know yeah that's
something that you have to go out and
find yourself and I guess the only way I
can like heal that is by being
supportive like just as like a person to
person and like I think like helping you
with your store and stuff and for our
store
like giving you that I think that once
you have more free time you'll be able
to go out into the world but you still
have a kid to raise also you should kick
my butt and make me do like when those
babies no don't do dating service just
go into the world alright well we could
do both okay when you were younger did
you ever imagine having a kid like me
[Laughter]
what's one thing you've learned from my
relationships that you'll carry into
yours wow that's a big question because
there's relationships there's so many
different types relationships that you
have appreciation for like your
relationship with unyu you know how like
you always really oh yeah but like
lately you're like oh like you're seeing
something else in her like your view of
her is changing
I don't know that like that I think that
helps me see like good I think that
you've helped me see good in people a
lot because you never I can remember you
you never were you never wanted to say
like oh that person's fat or any of
those type of things because you didn't
want us to have like negative feelings
about judging people based on the way
they look you know even though you care
a lot about beauty and stuff like you
still and you'll have your own little
toxic like ill that about ill about
someone
for the most part I think you kind of
try to check yourself and like see the
inner beauty of people and I think that
and also seeing even your relationship
so it's like things you know like I've
told you this before like I see like the
beauty and little small things like
little weird things just like you and
also strangely I think like I don't know
it in a sense even though it makes me
sad that you're not with someone that
like absence has taught me something
about intimate relationships even though
like I never was like watching and
intimate relationship like just the
knowing that I don't know know how to
explain it like I think I just artists
of the absence of a relationship right
yeah I like have this I don't know I
have this like I am a certain way with
the opposite sex or like someone that
I'm interested in because I didn't see a
an intimate relationship growing up I
don't know how to explain that any
further but it's taught me something
about like being in relationship even
though you weren't okay okay
oh I'm like all like shaky man cuz I
just like got really sad but that was
interesting and I like doing actually
sitting here I was like it's hard for me
to be having this conversation and
acting like there isn't people around
because there are and it made me think
like I'd like to I don't know how we
would do it but like I'd like to sit
down and have like do this you know
maybe not this everything but like just
without people around yeah like like
hear about your thoughts about their
like like having cards because I mean
it's not like it's like you're not the
one who is asking the question in a way
like there's that whole thing of oh no
I'm not asking this question there this
other person's asking wants me to ask
you this question it's not me you know
so you're kind of like innocent and so
the person can't hold it against you for
asking the question right they gives you
a freedom there yeah I feel like you
were a lot less defensive than you very
still a little bit but that's natural