I'll go first you put that I'll go first
okay go ahead
what do you first I remember that you
were really little and you were scared
and you didn't know us so you were
frightened and we picked you up and we
held you and after a while you just got
really soft and comfortable and warm and
you just laid on top of us and we rocked
you and we changed your diaper and we
talked to you and we had to put you back
in the crib we couldn't take you right
away
and that made us sad so after a few days
we could take you to our room and then
you slept in our room and then you got
used to us and you started smiling and
it made us really happy can I ask you a
question
what is your earliest memory what do you
remember like when you were really
little I used well my babysitter used to
babysit me all the time
Angelica mm-hmm and did you like it
uh-huh
was she sweet yeah tell me about her she
lives in the Bronx that far away and and
who's at home with her her daughter what
are their names their names her
daughters they're not good they're not
two daughters Angelico's daughters
there's two there's Danny don't didn't
know - what about her older daughter no
Danny the older cuz she's 11 okay and
did Danny come when Angelica babysat you
what would Danny do hmm she played with
you mm-hmm
okay do you want to ask me another
question
let me ask you a question it's my turn
know it what's your eternity now okay
no I know I know you did that now look
how are you how are you similar how you
sooner and how are you different from
you
I'm similar because let's see you want
me to talk about how I feel or how it
looks similar how you look similar how I
look similar I have big brown eyes and
you have big brown eyes I have curly
hair although it's not curly today and
you have curly hair and when my hair is
and gray it's brown like yours
and I guys brown-skinned you that's how
we're not similar I don't have brown
skin unless I'm in the Sun then my skin
gets browner how am i how am i different
otherwise I'm I'm older you're younger
we both love each other so we both have
big hearts and we laugh right we laugh
at the same jokes right and what else
we're similar because we're in the same
family and we love the same people right
I was born in America and you were born
in Ethiopia that makes us a little bit
different born in Pennsylvania
I was born in Pennsylvania why you
wonder not in America well that isn't
America it's a state in America I won
Pennsylvania right can I ask you a
question now hmm do we spend enough time
together mm-hmm
would you like us to spend more time
together
when do we not get to spend time
together we're out when you're at work
yeah and when you're at school no I'm at
work
yeah and do I wish I could spend time
with you instead of being at work oh
yeah
is there anything I can do to spend more
time with you no because I have to work
but do I spend all my time with you and
Papas spindle or time with you when
we're not at work yeah and that's good
does that make you happy
what do but what do i do that makes you
laugh lots of things you shake your butt
when you dance and what else you'd like
to play under the covers and sometimes
we just look at each other and we start
laughing sometimes when you start
laughing and I start laughing we can't
stop laughing sometimes you say funny
jokes and what else what else do you do
that makes what do I do that makes you
laugh sometimes when I talk funny
sometimes when I make my voice different
[Music]
anything else yeah should I ask you a
question
we're running out of questions when was
the most fun we had together we were
going to Pennsylvania to see grandma oh
you like that when we talk all the way
yeah to see grandma Pennsylvania and you
don't like going in the car so what do I
do
do I tell you to look for signs mm-hmm
she won't be distracted you'll be
distracted right I distract you so that
you don't worry about getting carsick
right mm-hmm and you like that mm-hmm
and do you like going to visit your
grandmom mm-hmm except for her papa he
died yeah he died but that was a long
time ago right I was born I was in 2002
yeah
and that made you sad put on 2012
I'd say yep 12 yeah you were a little
boy I was - yeah that that made me sad
right and because I was so tiny they're
making happy yeah your sister which one
what's your name you don't know your
sister's no you want me to tell you who
Brynn and who Ryan mm-hmm
her boyfriend they make you laugh uh-huh
yeah they're lots of fun they'd like to
play with you anything else no okay
we're running out of question it's okay
what is what is your hero time what who
is your hero and why and and why and why
oh let's see
well actually you're my hero because
you're brave and you love people and
you're very social and you're not afraid
to go and talk to anybody and you just
jump right in
and you're you're loving and you're
sweet and that's one of the reasons I
you're my hero and another hero of mine
is your papa
because he's a good papa and he takes
really good care of you
and he cares a lot about you and so
my two heroes are the two favorite
people I'd live with me how about if I
ask you a question no what do you want
to be when you grow up I want to be I
want I want to be a everything
everything like what Oh
like a police officer Oh
how come because I get I get to tell
people what to do you like to tell
people to do like that the police tells
people what to do
and what time things say I tell them to
do not not to drive really weird really
weird very weird uh-huh like fast
yeah like fast or or breaks when you're
on the road mm-hmm is there anything
else you want to be there's no stopping
on the road mm-hmm except for traffic
okay
did police do anything else do you know
if they do things to protect people No
but some some they fight bad guys they
fight bad guys mm-hmm
they have a gun oh that's not good right
please has some police has guns and
hopefully they don't use their guns
right they should just use their words
yeah like when you're doing what you did
something wrong that you're not supposed
to do you break the law but I don't
think they need the guns for that they
could just talk oh right like when when
you break the rules do we just talk huh
and that's the best way to be oh right
use your words not use a gun not use a
gun is there anything else you want to
be I know you'd like to sing and dance
huh that seems like a fun thing to do
would you like to do that maybe you
could be a singing dancing policeman no
that's ridiculous ridiculous policemen
don't sing and dance
no they just they just drive the police
office please car go around see if
there's any trouble
there's only two more questions that's
okay
what was the hardest thing about being
up being being mom being a mom well a
bank being mom let me say what's the
hardest thing about being a mom a mom
well the hardest thing about being a mom
is that sometimes I don't have enough
time to do all the things I want to do
especially because I work and I take a
subway so I'm busy ten hours a day and
then I want to be able to spend time
with you to play with you but then I
have to make dinner yes you have to make
sure the house is clean right and I have
to then give you a bath and then it's we
only have an hour and a half to two
hours to get anything done then we have
to do homework and then I have to read
and I want to have some time to just
relax with you and play with you and hug
you and hug you and love you and and
tell you stories right but the good
thing is is now you're seven almost
eight years old and you'd like to hear
stories so you ask a lot of questions so
now I can to momma and Poppa can tell
you a lot more stories because you want
to hear them so that's good right we get
to talk a lot more and that's good for
both of us right yeah
[Music]
what do you think I'm learning from you
I think I'm here learning about you
don't know how to be a better mom
anything else
is there anything you can teach me yeah
like what not not to put the open not
hot not too low not too high Oh anything
else what are you most worried about for
me what am I worried most about for you
well I think I'm worried that we're
older parents and that you're gonna get
older and that we might I don't know
might not be around for you as much as
we'd like to be so the good thing is is
that you have brothers and sisters that
are older that can be there if we're not
and I'm what am I worried about I'm
worried about the way the world is that
the things aren't always good and
peaceful and that people are fighting a
lot right now and I don't want you to be
hurt by that as you grow up and I want
you to be safe and people are not always
safe in this world so that's what I
worry about and I worry about that for
Chris and Damon and Bryn as well but I
worry especially for you because you're
younger and because there's a lot more
time for you to grow up mm-hmm and
they're already grown and I know they
can protect themselves but I need to
make sure that you
protect yourself and that I teach you
the things you need to know to be
protected hmm one more question
you want me to the way I do my question
it okay how can I be a better mom for
you soare anything you think I could do
to be a better mom not not to teach me
how to have not to teach your dad how
how to behave like like teaching by
teaching your dad how the not how do not
react react like me not to react like a
kid like a kid you to teach your top and
attacked like a kid
would you prefer he didn't act like a
kid I thought you enjoyed it no I don't
now you don't I like I want him to be
good good and what way you know not too
good not not too bad
somewhere in between mm-hmm I think pop
acts like a kid so that you guys could
have fun together do you guys have fun
together yeah yeah is he your best
friend he's not my best friend he's my
papa
there you go good answer
what do you love about me just about
everything I love your smile I love the
way you talk to me I love the way you
wake up in the morning and you climb in
bed with us give us a hug sometimes I
get around around 1 o'clock in the
morning like last night but that's ok
right we just make room for you and I
love when we when I put you to bed at
night and I sit next to your bed and we
talk until you fall asleep and I love
how you you try really hard when you do
things that you really concentrate and
really try to do things right and I love
how friendly you are to everybody and
that you can go into an elevator full of
people and make everybody laugh and I
love how good you are at school that
you're a good leader and that you try to
teach little kids how to do things and
you know what else I love how you're a
good friend to Robbie and Robbie
Simoneau wheelchair Robbie he's in a
wheelchair and I take care of him and
you take care of him and you tried to be
his nurse and you help him and he can't
speak but still you love him and you
give him hugs and you encourage him that
means you're a really big person inside
you've got a really big heart you really
care and they're what do I say is the
most important thing in the world is it
love it's important the most important
thing is love that you love people and
that people love you back and you're
giving lots of love to the world so that
makes me very very very happy
one more question for you okay what do
you love to do most with me I like when
we go to the park and play stuff like
when we get ice cream
uh-huh the ice cream truck do you like
when we make a picnic we didn't do that
not this week but when I was in
kindergarten and what do we do when we
live a picnic
don't put a blanket down sometimes we
invite friends maybe we'll do that move
I Ravi mm-hmm anything else yeah
last night you said that you love your
family
when you are going to sleep you said I
really love my family so what do you
love about your family I love that tent
special dinners uh-huh
anything else nothing else do you love
what it what about when we go to the
beach mm-hmm
I'm going to talk about Chappaquiddick
you know do you is that not your
favorite place yeah it's my favorite
place but I just don't want to talk
about how come I just don't want to do
you like the red truck mm-hmm
how about when we all get in the red
truck together in the back yeah and what
do we do at night well well our friends
the dough family came to ma
Massachusetts uh-huh and we had a lot of
fun with them did we go out for ice
cream at night yeah some nights
Brendan Ryan came yeah and what's that
fun yeah do you like how big your family
is that you have so many cousins and and
aunts knuckles and does everybody love
you
mm-hmm do they play with you yeah
anything else nope how about Papa's
brothers brother and wife and children
too like to play with them mm-hmm I'm
getting hungry
oh okay how about do you like to go in
the water
yes what do you like to do the best
what's your favorite thing go swimming
you're a good swimmer do you go right
into the waves and what are you doing
the waves
I swim how I go into water okay what
else it's so interesting do kick do you
look for crabs there's not much crabs
there at the Dyke okay there might be in
the day in the deep water okay
[Music]
are you HOT yeah