when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember remember a lot
of alcohol I remember a lot of
performance on my part well it was like
when we you like an initially saw her so
what did you think I was like that's the
girl what do you mean because we got set
up we just get set up randomly yeah and
I just like knew by the look on your
face
Oh terror and I was like oh okay because
I had kind of other expectations lower
okay
that's good yeah is there anything else
I mean like we were first move at was
that one her up against the wall the
woods
no no cuz we were at Bethlem yeah
I just remember after the club which
when we went back to my friend okay
and our necklaces were clanking together
yeah I remember your you like feather
boa that you have fun playing and being
literally terrified of it it was like my
drunk oh yeah yeah you're terrified yeah
cuz I look like a bird yeah but also you
were just he looks very New York you
were in all black and I had just come
here I was like oh she's Sony or I go
yeah I know wearing your pink pants yeah
those are good yeah what else
no I just remember like wanting one
thing and getting it and then you wanted
the sex and that was it yeah and then
not knowing what to do with it after I
remember when he kiss me goodbye the day
afternoon really yeah
was it weird no you just gave me this
look that was like like my do feeling so
good okay okay yeah cuz I wanted to take
you out I know I knew that yeah I mean I
thought it was so smooth as your wrists
mm I don't know what smooth but I just
knew that you're a real person like so
many I can I feel like when we first met
like we were at a bar
we weren't I wasn't drunk when I got
there you know he said all drunk yeah we
both got extremely inebriated
yes we were really drunk so like how
didn't you know just from that small
interaction cuz we barely even like
talked I fell it's the what either way
that you looked on me the way that you
touched me hmm I just feel like because
we didn't really speak very much no we
just like dance and then started making
out and I kissed you first and I never
did that
that's right yeah I just remember
thinking you had you were very cool yeah
but I was trying to be very yeah your
demeanor was like very cool no I've come
to realize that you're like a paranoid
neurotic and crazy but something but you
wouldn't like try it wasn't like you
were trying to be cool like covertly you
just had this like very like calm
presence that's a black feather way like
a lot of shit together but it struck me
I mean I still think I have that I just
yeah though you do have like you've seen
all the other yeah all the other things
yeah I thought you're pretty cool plus
with your feather boa you were really
scary yeah and then you like you're
wearing things like heels like this big
so you were you have those crazy heels
on video yeah pink ones yeah and I put
them on cuz then you couldn't walk
laughter and I give you my boots yeah
see it was like I had this whole today
and I was walking around barefoot
and your socks yeah I was wearing
walking around these Village Inn with my
socks okay yeah yeah we were really
fucking dry yeah but I did it for you I
don't know if you did it for me then
well I wanted to look I wanted to look
good in front of you yeah and that's why
you had to fill breed your hair yeah I
think you did what you needed to do that
night and then I blew you off for two
months but well here we are
mm-hmm
mmm what's your favorite thing about me
my favorite thing about you
yeah well there's many things I love but
your sense of humor you're weirder than
I am which is hard to match but even
just like last night you're saying
things that are so silly but you like
you just like get it
yeah I love I can't monkey yeah in
fresco Jesus yeah you look like greeting
card here we're like stupid pictures
yeah are like boy human perverted yeah
we are perverted but I love your sense
of humor because I can see that's when
you really like let go
you really allow yourself to have a good
time or be funny like last night you
were being so goofy
like I like your sense of humor is
excellent thank you and you know because
about yourself like it comes from how
smart you are and the sharpener woody
which those are things I'm obviously
attracted to those are like my top
somebody who's so insanely smart and
clever and that comes through in your
humor but in other facets like your big
vocabulary but that's you know like a
I'm a pretentious asshole yeah but
that's why I like you yeah I mean I like
you too for that yeah
but your set of humor
yeah
good okay
what do you love about our relationship
I think I love I think I love our need
friendship as well yeah we can see each
other we have sex with each other we are
attracted to each other and that
combined with the fact that we can go
anywhere ignore anything find out about
ourselves with each other's yeah when I
hold your hand on the street it's like I
feel complete
yeah I do feel like we're just best
friends yeah like that that base layer
is there yeah yeah like if I wasn't with
you which I don't know how I wouldn't be
but I feel like we would be friends
mm-hmm no I feel that I can I see that I
think that's why perhaps like when we
first met it was it came so naturally
because we didn't even you know it was
like a setup but there's just so much
banter yeah well maybe that's why
because we just felt that we understood
each other immediately just because our
similar personalities and such and yeah
you know in like a and like a more
non-threatening like front away but also
we were trying to do each other maybe
that's why I mean we are both Aquarius a
query I is it plural acquaintance a
query I and they're like it sounds like
cacti so I like that
Aquarius is Aquarius
Aquarians Aquarius oh that makes more
sense yeah yeah okay so I think that
does play a big part though the fact
that we were both are the same sign
absolutely but I remember like the day
after we hooked up
we still had this whole like exchange
going and I actually laughed and I
hadn't laughed with anybody for a long
time or maybe laughs like that ever with
somebody I'm pretty funny when do you
feel closest to me
when do I feel closest to you yeah
I think when we're traveling it helps me
really when we go somewhere else
it helps me kind of break down because
so much being here there's so many other
elements and factors that they're always
hitting me and I always feel very
distracted but I think when we go places
you know especially even places that we
haven't just been to before
just like day trips or something you
know and it's just kind of it's just
like the two of us I think that's what I
feel the closest to you it helps me just
get rid of all those distractions yeah
yeah I mean I know that I always feel
like it but even when we go to the beach
or something when we go to Fire Island
yeah yeah it just takes us out of like
one context amazing and you know it's
but it's because we're neurotic like
stressing right but you know it takes me
so much longer to process anything and
so like it's yeah just like going
somewhere like that like helps I mean I
just need like the decompression time
and I don't even realize that in
alliance I get there yeah
what are you hesitant to tell me
[Music]
all right I guess I feel like you're not
gonna like something I don't want to
tell you it's like you know like in what
context you know if I say I'm gonna do
this and maybe you're not gonna like it
or if I say if I have if something
happened and I want to tell you that it
affected me badly mm-hmm I don't want to
tell you that why because I don't want
to deal with your feelings when I tell
you do you think I wouldn't you I'd you
is that why
yeah not that you're judgmental towards
me just I'd also want to protect you
from whatever it is that's bothering me
mm-hmm is there anything like
specifically I just I think in general I
just always want to I want you to be
good
I want to disturb that that's what
and I guess it's like me putting you
before mm-hmm my own feelings but so
you're hesitant because you worried
about my well-being yeah yeah I know how
you do that yeah
but it's only out of like care for you
oh yeah I asked that question hmm
if you could change one thing in our
relationship what would it be
why if I could change one thing
I think it would be it would be like it
was saying how we get so distracted and
how it's hard to just spend like really
great time together and focus on each
other more yeah you know because I've
got so much shit going on and it's it's
just I mean as you know like it's so
hard for me to compartmentalize I just
always feel like I have to be doing
something even if you know like you can
tell when I'm distracted in something if
I could do that better and like you know
you could do that better I think that
would be really awesome would be better
it would help a lot time yeah yeah
that's so popped into my head time yeah
this is better spent time
if only there was like minutes or hours
every day that were just quality mm-hmm
busy that's the difference like for you
you want every day or more like daily
even like small like you said to me
before that's where we were different
because I guess if more specifically if
I could change something to beat us like
being similar and when we need our time
spent to I got so we can't wait for ya
know cuz you like I can go like three
days without talking to anybody or not
showering I ain't know it's rocking you
know turning into Howard Hughes like you
know I can do that but you don't work
like that so I wish I could we could go
find a more stable balance that's what I
would try and change
yeah because then you feel you know like
I'm ignoring you and it collected don't
do you let me do yeah yeah and I'm just
like I'm I'm like he's fine just like in
your underwear you know yeah
oh yeah
[Music]
yeah it's Jillian yeah no you need some
hot coffee girl hey Julia for the ghost
Ramon
do you think we could shoot something
around here you think and like it around
this building or or do you think it'd be
like to know easier well we'll talk
we'll talk yeah okay so I pull I got I
got like awakened you're gonna have to
keep track because you know I can it's
you okay tell me about
tell me about the time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now
[Music]
I think a time that you disappointed me
it was you liked to defend the truth no
matter whose side it is so somebody
could upset me but if there if you feel
like they're in the right then you're
gonna you're not going to go out of your
way to defend me yeah so at that time
the summer that we were going to the
Niko concert you know it's just thinking
about that this morning yeah and those
guys like harass me on the street and
you did it I don't know I just wanted
you to be like fuck you you know it's my
girlfriend take some ownership cuz it
would it would give me some comfort it
was like just felt like alone I just
felt like really alone like exposed and
yeah I was wearing like no clothing and
I just wanted to feel like I had you
there mm-hmm
and when you said well sir it's because
what you're wearing then I felt like
then I felt like we weren't a unit
do you feel like I was judging you and
like yeah yeah in a protective way but
you would still judge me so like you
know post moment maybe you could have
said you know once I was like less upset
you could have decided well maybe it's
because of what you're wearing
mm-hmm but in that like in that very
moment I needed you
yeah
I guess in a way I was trying not to
make a big deal out of it because we'd
gotten her ass so much before and I had
done things I guess I was trying to you
know maybe deflect it not downplay it
yeah mm-hmm
which I understand of course I
understand now mm-hmm but then it was
like too too much yeah
I forgive you though oh thanks next Oh
who has more power in the relationship
you or me you do barn on baby i but I
the why why do you think I'm work I do
think in some ways you do like probably
and it's not because I let you it's
nothing like that it's like you you just
know that you're more you like to be in
control you do I was being control to to
I'm a control freak but I can be less
though I can go with the flow a lot more
than you can yeah you know that and like
you know that you're bossy you're bossy
ya know it's not necessarily in a bad
way like I like strong women
I like assertive women who speak their
mind and know and are confident and
that's something that drew me to you so
like I'm kind of fine with going with
who I you say and even just like when
you really get lodged like you should
get bad and I was like okay I didn't
even like a look at the menu then I was
like okay and then he came around I was
like alright I'll do some bossing around
that no no but they do also know like if
I really want something else on that
menu I would get it yeah you know what I
mean yeah so it's like I have this like
I'm a bit more aloof and
sponte not spontaneous I'm just more
like flexible in in some things I guess
and so in that way like that's why I
think you have more control or like
power in the relationship it's not that
I let you like I don't want it to sound
like that you know what I mean but I
just think like I mean something you
know sometimes like I can be more
dominant yeah you're totally bossing do
you think do you think I have more power
would you I mean would you agree with me
do you think you have more power than I
should've
do you think so I think I make business
decisions
I get income so yo shows no emotions
yeah do you think I have more power
because I show less emotion you like
give your control over me cuz you're
more willing to be vulnerable yeah I
feel like I'm at the mercy of you know
the stone cold altar Oh even like that
you finally build a campaign for
yourself yeah true yeah well but I think
that's where I mean that's that's where
we do have our towers in the
relationship yeah that's why I think
it's like a an equal yeah equal
partnership because we're one controls
which is a terrible word but where one
is more dominant I guess yeah another is
okay am I have the best sex you've ever
had yeah
hands down yeah hmm I mean I just like
ever ever yeah ever ever emotionally
pleasurably crying overall yeah yeah
yeah I mean have I ever felt like as the
ability to feel vulnerable and powerful
and willing to be open to new things
somebody is the strongest it's ever been
for me with you I mean like yeah
it's a whole nother playing field yeah
we've told me that before though
so is what your he said no that I would
been really pissed good
you should be pass but the fruit I mean
what about like the first time we had
sex do you think it was good cuz I
remember telling Phil like after the
first night we had sex I remember
telling him like I think that's the best
sex I've ever had yeah I was going
around oh we want Rock his hell it was
really good sex well that's what I think
is interesting cuz we were both like no
my best performance but we were both so
hammered I remember like being with you
and and saying like how I don't think I
can do this so I was like I was I know
you're like cool it was like exhausted
but it is what I didn't pass out yeah
that's interesting
mm-hmm
when was the last time you felt
suffocated in this relationship in Y
suffocated I think it was a lot to do
with the fact that I wasn't happy with
my job it was maybe like a few months
ago even they maybe within the last like
six months or so mm-hmm
you know I I wasn't doing or like it was
in the less me before like the last six
months or maybe like closer to like nine
months ago or something when I was I was
spending more time at your place and I
wasn't doing enough for me and we've
made that effort and that changed for me
to be at my place more and work on you
know my projects and yeah like build
that it was when I wasn't I didn't have
a good enough sense of myself and I
think in a way like I didn't want
- well I think it was easier right yeah
because when I had to like yeah when I
had to like live with you and right I
didn't want to like deal with me I
didn't want to still like be or think
about who I was so I threw myself into
our relationship more than I should have
like so quickly and then I think once I
realized like once I got my own place in
which I realized I could start doing my
own stuff again I think that's what I
felt like
you're talking about when you thought
suffocated 9 months ago so you know like
well yeah I think he was once I finally
was it we got a hold of my career again
and what I wanted to do and I wanted
more independence again independent
person so I think he started to just and
I wasn't trying to like pull back and go
away from you
I wasn't trying to do that at all but I
think it came off as me really pulling
away yeah and you felt like I was
detaching myself yeah but it was more it
wasn't really about our relationship but
it was more about me starting to build
myself up again yeah but that but I did
feel but I think I put my emotions
unfairly on the relationship and that's
where I felt like suffocated mm-hmm well
I mean it was a way of mine when we
first got together yeah because you
didn't have your things and I always you
know I knew that you were gonna come to
a point where he needed them and then
the more I pulled away you push and I
think that's where I felt like I just
need I just need my space like I need my
independence like I get like it but like
I can be by myself for a couple days and
be fine and then come back to you and
that's like that's where you're
different and that's where I
yeah I don't think the pieces just
needed to fall I mean is that hard for
you to hear no I mean I I know it I like
can point I know like exactly one it was
happening what was it like timewise it's
when I got my new job and Jim yeah do
you think that's what it was I think it
was that I think you were gonna change
the Roscoe's busier line where you said
do I do I want life with Sara and can I
maintain my own or do I just mean do I
just need to go my own way
mm-hmm and I think I think it came to a
head and you you picked I will have
myself and I'll have Sara mm-hmm I think
because that's when I really started
working on space cat like really hard
more so and like writing it was around
that time yeah I didn't know cuz I've
never I've never done a film I've never
done a project in a relationship
I'll give you great material yeah right
but I've never I never cuz with other
people it was either I was just writing
it or like you know I'm the last like so
I think maybe in a way I just did I
didn't think it could work
me being happy or being in a
relationship and working on something
because I know I'm very selfish though I
know I'm here and I I'm just not gonna
change that and now if I think at least
right now and I have to because I'm
obsessive and I have to just like 110
percent all the time so I felt like I
don't like I kept thinking to myself I
guess I don't know if I can give you
what you want
like not like do I want to it's like I
don't know if I can
I don't know if I can physically do it I
think that's a lot of it
would you agree yeah yeah it was also
cuz I didn't want to like jerky around I
didn't want to waste your time or
anything
you know yeah thanks for my turn yeah
what do you think is the next step in
our relationship
what's my next sever what's your name
what do you think v-neck v-neck step I
know what do you think is the next step
I would say a puppy it's not your thing
so that's my question
okay I would say an apartment and a
puppy but I got this bowl the apartment
oh yeah and you could be my puppy
okay no I mean that makes sense yeah and
I think that word on rate I think though
you know like the last part we just
talked about we went through this whole
can we have a respected past because
they are so different you're in film I'm
in law like night and day
can we have that and have each other and
I think that were the more that the more
time that we are together the more that
we sort of prove that mm-hmm
I mean you know my biggest thing is
financial equality really yeah cuz I
don't want to
but will it will it ever be really heat
one probably not I mean just being
honest yeah it won't but at least you
know you know I'm we're not in the place
right now where I would feel comfortable
you know it was hard as hell for me to
move in with you for just those two
months when I you know but under the
circumstances I knew I had to do it I
just like I saw a lot of pride because I
just don't want I don't want to ever
think I want you to ever think or anyone
I've ever dated I don't want to another
thing that I'm using them dad thought I
would hear people and I hear friends and
this is not like I never I just hate
that idea and so I guess it's it's more
of my own hangups from what other people
would think like our friends or whoever
being like so what do you do like I just
am your trophy wife but I know that's
not true though because you know like
when I do have the money like I try and
make up for all the times I don't which
is often yeah would you live in Brooklyn
yeah I'm getting this on film I'm
getting this on tape this is recorded so
you would live in Brooklyn uh-huh
in a doorman building yes maybe what
about like a nice brownstone
okay do you have a million dollars in
your pocket is that where you're hiding
yeah no I think we'll find a nice place
and what's nice really what's like your
ideal apartment that we would share well
that would make our relationship like
morning I was thinking I was creating
this on my head called double sink and
it was like if only I had a double sink
yeah it would be grand yeah yeah
it's hard in my room it's hard as fuck
in there
yeah but ideally it would be great if we
could have a bedroom and an office area
where all your shit could go mm-hmm I
think we would have and that great khali
existence oh that's why you know these
couples I see like moving the studios
and stuff you know you or I could not do
that we would kill each other like we
couldn't do that
you know that you need your own room and
I'd be my own room for like my workspace
and you for your workspace and studying
and vice versa and I think it like it
would but like that's why we need like
we need like a certain space that would
work for us and that but it that entails
more money yeah and so that's why I'm
like well we'll be okay okay yeah
no because I just asked hmm you keeps
doing that all right didn't read it okay
mmm why do you get so annoyed when I
overreact
did someone did someone create this joke
oh my god it's like they do me when you
overreact that's so good
it's like it's like my own hangups on on
stuff but also like I don't know even to
like the the guy this morning like the
construction worker made it like a
comment I didn't overreact though
yeah but you were like you hit and
you're like I hate when people talk to
me like I said like why don't men yell
shit at me I know you said I hate when
unsolicited people speak to me on the
street I do too though but like you know
you made it seem like he was being like
really creepy or something and it's like
he's just like talking so yes a little
all right so why is the piss yachts on
that it doesn't like piss me ha ha this
is like I think you make it a bigger
thing that is I think a lot of the time
it's hard for you wouldn't people say
and just like I mean stranger is just
like guys on the street again you know
it's just it's hard for you to have for
it to roll off your back which I
understand why look I understand that's
why I like you know on the card it says
annoying
it doesn't say piss off okay but it is
it is hurting me
cuz just fuck as just I was like a
runner like people always say some dumb
thing especially in Arizona like it's
like it's like old dudes like
like you know the only time I'm
broadening is if someone's chasing me
and like they're just like trying to
make conversation or they just be
cordial or something I don't know it's
like I don't really take more into it
than it is I just think that's really
you'll get really pissed off one day and
you blow up about it yeah well no I
wouldn't about something like that but I
just know it's harder I know it's harder
for you
and you can take it you take it a
different way and I understand why it's
just hard for me to understand why in
the amount of time you know that it
takes for it to happen
you know instantaneously I just I like I
don't I don't think about it like all
this and that you know these are all are
factors into it like some things up
happen to you like I don't think about
that right away you know so I try and
not be annoyed and so like instead of
like this morning anyway instead of
saying like a lot like why does it
bother you so much like this and that
why does it you know he's just like
making a comment I just like didn't say
anything I was like okay I just think
you know the build us I give my
commentary in a negative way it's better
for me just not to say anything you know
yeah then it reminded me of the Gosselin
strain again what today yeah why this I
mean this guy was just making a funny
comment he wasn't like way that you
responded to it or to my reaction the
way that you respond to my reaction is
that why bother anymore when I would how
I respond to you
how would you want me to like you know
not any more of a harassment setting but
like today just feel like okay baby I
understand but I don't I do but I don't
I understand where you're coming from
and how you react but I don't but I try
I mean you're right that I'm going to
whether you're right or wrong but and if
I think someone else is right I'm not
gonna just defend you but I don't need
to do that my friends I don't do it that
with anybody if I think you're in the
wrong I'll tell you you know because I'm
more about like the truth of the matter
and the justice of it than just like
telling you what you want to hear and
isn't that better though no it's not no
nothing but you're the same way you
wouldn't just tell me like blindly just
to make me happy
maybe not mm I would act differently in
the moment hmm my concern is to protect
you in the moment and then get it hasit
back and then tell your ass if you're
wrong later it's definitely not how I
operate
yeah but if I even today I just I was
just like you just had a comment and
like don't worry about it does that look
like that still bothers you
for you upset after with me I was
annoyed
that's it over is it your turn to mine
no I asked when was the last time you
thought about another girl sexually in
general I guess only anyway you want to
think about it neroli let's think about
other women in anywhere I mean I guess
I'm talking about romantically or
emotionally I don't really I don't
really feel for them mmm I could see if
like a girl on the street I could say oh
yeah she's hot but like do I think about
fucking her or kissing her anything no
just doesn't do you ever think about it
your access yeah I think about them
sometimes like if our numbers have a
memory about the something like he just
like hears something or see something in
a hit yeah yeah of course I get reminded
of like the bullshit they did how's that
make you feel like when you like see
something that reminds you of them do
you feel like guilt or is it just like
it is what it is
no I feel any go yeah I can be angry
like how I think that they wronged me or
they hurt me but now it's kind of like
yeah water under the bridge like they're
kind of just ghosts but you but you
embrace like the good memories though
Diane there there are none I don't know
they don't really come to mind
for you they do oh you mean like that
I don't good memories yeah yeah things
will like songs are just like images or
something you know hit me I don't think
of good times you know what do you do
with the thought or the memory I guess I
just let it happen and then it's like
you know sometimes sometimes it's hard
but
almost the time it's like you know it is
what it is I've learned to embrace that
and they're like that's why I asked if
you feel guilty like that's what I've
learned you know that's what I try and
do and not feel guilty or feel certain
ways like it just embrace it like it
happens then it's gone yeah I guess it's
more negative for me the way that I
think about them or think about things
that have more time which is I mean
which is weird why I don't you know with
with my access I don't I I do think
about the negatives though but the pot
like that's why I asked like do you
think of the good memory it's like I do
everyone somehow I have a good memories
and it's like I don't I used to feel
like I can't think of the good times
like I can't do that cuz it's like wrong
but it's not it's just like it's a it's
a part of your past whether it's you
know it's just like yeah it's somebody
else but it's still a part of me so I
can think about that
he's my question yeah I asked that one
yeah what is missing from our
relationship yogurt machine ice cream
what's missing
I think it's it's really because we're
still so young
I think it's we're still finding
ourselves so I think that plays a huge
part in our relationship that's where a
lot of our struggles come from and I
think what's missing is a stronger sense
of ourselves and a more secure part of
our careers because that's why I think
it's so hard for when you come out of
college and you still shine just try and
stay together or you're just starting
your careers and like we're both so
ambitious with what we want to do and
it's so unknown I think that's so much
of where my struggle personally has come
from like you know should I stay with
her like can I do this
and do what I want to do and be selfish
and you know true to what I need and
vice versa yeah but I don't like
question them
yeah you never do why do you think so
why do you think that because I know
that I can do it you're very
strong-willed yeah no I know you like I
do you think it's it's like a cop out of
me to be like I don't know if I can do
it or do you think it's the truth
because I I'm like I can't I don't
believe in guarantees I don't believe in
guarantees but you're so you're so
positive which is good which is what I
really admire you for and you will you
know
I just I don't know it's unwavering yeah
yeah
why aren't we living together this would
be my man hmm not naming names but you
can name I think that we I think that
we're trying to do it right you know if
you go wrong even you know my unwavering
belief that I could be all that I want
to be and have you mmm you know things
happen things have a natural progression
they have like a natural time that they
can happen mm-hmm that make them more
secure it yeah I mean it is a lot to do
if my hesitancy you just have more
reservations about it yeah I could do it
I mean I want to do it I like I want to
come home to you mm-hmm
I think that logistically we would have
passing moments with each other that we
just don't have now yeah but of course
like I think in like extreme doomsday
circumstances like I I'm just like a
pessimist in that way what do you need
to not be a pessimist I don't know I
mean it still we've been together not
even two years it's not a lot of time
it's really not a large scheme of things
yeah but in the larger scheme of things
of knowing you love somebody and knowing
that they could be your life mate yeah I
don't think it takes like I think you
could know in an instance yeah true I
mean that's just like from my
relationships in the past like that's
why I'm so like let me hold off pump the
brakes here and now I jump into it and
then you know like the second we move in
something horrible happens and we're in
the same apartment and broken up or
something it's not like it's not it's
nothing to do with of course it'd be
easier with you of course I'd love to
live with you we basically live together
already but it's just from the past like
I just it's not just doesn't feel like
the right time because I jump into
things so fucking fast
yeah
yes
do you think I'm holding you back her
why's no I don't the other person
holding you back is me do you think our
relationship has ever got in the way
no because when I when I what I started
to see but when I was ready to start to
do my own work again
we found a balance that works and now I
could have my career but also be with
you so when I when I started to see like
there maybe was an issue that we made an
effort and we were able to work it out
so I don't I mean
maybe our relationship will change in
the future become ABA let's say I have
to start like travel anymore
or what have you you know like is that
gonna affect you I want to do the same
thing you want a job yeah
[Music]
yeah I tell you all the time I wanted
you're the same thing and you want to
travel yeah but I think it's good to go
do that and to have our individual
careers and to go travel and be away
because then I think the time spent
together will be greater I I just think
in a sense if you want to do it you
should be able to do it yeah not that it
makes our relationship better or not do
I overthink everything
yeah like get over yourself okay do you
think I can provide for you yeah
financially I don't think I need you to
provide for me financially emotionally
yeah that's all I need from you which is
a tall order but yeah but do you think I
deliver yeah most of the time I think
the times I need you a mouse and I'm
able to get your attention you help me
unlock a deeper part of myself because I
think that's where you need me more than
fine I mean you obviously like are okay
financially and you've never asked
anything of me that way or
but even Willie emotionally you don't
you're not manipulative and you don't
like me me all the time no because I'm
an independent person - yeah
but I think that you out of anyone and
even my family members my parents are
able to talk to me and get through to me
and I don't listen to a lot of people
know you don't but I listen to you I
know you do but that's when that's I
know you do because even when I say
things that I don't think are that big a
deal
you know or that I'm I really don't even
think I'm trying to make a big statement
to you why you take them a certain way
that's why when I realized like oh she
really does value my opinion and like
listen to what I have to say
it's a line or yeah yeah there's a
donger baby do you want to marry me
yeah I do in like 10 years
if we could just shorten you know like
eight five yeah I like to I do think
about like the wedding briefly but
they're like a bit like actually asking
you
yeah
but I think about and very small like
flashes like getting engaged in the
actual wedding but being married I don't
really think about because I just really
see that as it is now just us like
living in the same place with two dogs a
pug will get your like will get your
pure breed $2,000 or whatever that you
want and then I'll get a three-legged
thing from the shelter three no oh why
golden retriever no no but I like I mean
because I don't I can't think that part
I don't know what I'm gonna do
fucking Wednesday so I don't even know
like I can't think that okay but today
but but do i yeah of course I do
I've known that for a long time yeah
okay would you marry me yes moron cool
I'm not asking like if you