[Music]
[Laughter]
nothing linearly well no but
so why don't we take 30 seconds to look
each other in the eye are
connectamericas sir we're ready
yeah what is it when you think about the
first time we met what do you remember
okay well when we met I think they did
not when we first saw each other's about
because
we into the well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
you know but there was like a survey for
trains and I we were talking about it
because I just take it
[Music]
yes before oh I guess I mean I know I
think even overall I would say that what
I love about it is our ability to be
flexible you know ability to change the
relationship as our lives change you
know I mean at the time that we met we
were both very new you know in a lot of
different ways and I think it was really
helpful for us to have that sort of
traditional relationship between
girlfriends and just sort of like dinner
the undress you look forward and now
we've sort of graduated from that and
our relationship is different it's
always evolving and I guess what I love
about it is
and you know we all throw it up a couple
of times but it's never really got at
that point that's prob said our home
base if other people come and go
yeah whatever whatever
[Music]
we mean girlfriends of the primaries
it's probably ya know but I think at
this point the way we are now the
troubles and being semi independent yet
so you know I I think you would like it
I could accept you going to Japan or you
know wherever Philippines it's nice to
know that there's that you still existed
hopeful for what the world is now it's
so small anyway and we always say yeah
[Music]
when do you feel closest to me always
yeah no I am closest closest yeah I'm
over here physically close well
partially yeah I mean those these two
things I should kind of go together
actually conversations yeah well it's a
little more weird in the physical like I
think I feel closest to you when like
we're back together and we're touching
because that's that's important to me so
yes the mental emotional connection of
talking is important but I think I feel
closer to you when we're actually in an
embrace or in you know sometimes doesn't
happen as often as I like
but this year will happen
what are you hesitant to tell me what am
i hesitant to tell me
well I hesitate to tell you about Katie
because I know she's your best friend
good friend and so every time I and I
talk about my relationship with her that
whatever it is not relationship with
other people and I'm hesitant to tell
you because you're so involved I can
tell like Liz or I bird because they're
not in any way
I mean they just met her there you know
so whenever there's things that are
going on with me and Katie they're like
no you're nice your option was fine I
mean you know you were very supportive
it was great I'm sorry I know it's not
because of that you've made it very
clear that you're fine with it and you
said already
yeah sure you had that reaction and that
was you know that was Oh Gibbs okay so
no it's not because of that but it is
because of your long involvement now
where
doing our own exploration and sometimes
of showing cakes I don't I don't really
want to talk with you about us in it
because it just feels weird then and
it's not serious enough where I really
need your support or guidance I loved it
I'd love to hear I'm guessing that she
doesn't talk to you about us it's just
I'm just really we're both really bad I
actually like it's still alight that way
lightly to her
pick up you know that's okay but it is
because it doesn't so she doesn't talk
to me about you because she doesn't talk
to you all right I think for me was
probably actually kind of similar but in
a sense of any new connections which I
think might be like a leftover of when I
mismanaged that so many times in fact
maybe actually we're dating like asked a
capital our relationship right and so
I've kind of become gun-shy about that
because of mismanagement like even
though there's not really anything to
worry about and that's us yeah no other
no standing agreements right but have a
hesitation but I'm working on not having
that is it just because you you feel
like you need to be private about that
well that's just nowadays it's harder to
talk about it in general because of like
this like you
[Music]
you know what etiquette is our current
setup
I would hope we'd like to be on each
other oh sure but it also just occurs to
me we just totally blew out that rule
that we were talking about the cart
earlier about if I could say the same
better you know I think it's time I
don't understand when you say it's sort
of a leftover from what happened with
you know the past but I know it's kind
of it is it is an adjustment because
you've always had trouble with that and
that's part of the reason why we're not
you know dating anymore but so I guess I
best part I don't understand it's just a
cycle it really is
nothing no basis and logic right at all
and and frankly at this the way we are
now it's really not my business I don't
feel like we're before like I I needed
to tell you it was shit yeah and now I
don't need to tell you but but then if I
start to talk about something that I
haven't even told you began well I don't
think you know if I were to enter in a
new relationship I don't think I would
tell you about it unless it became a
situation where the person was staying
over on occasion and might have a
scheduling conflict right I just I don't
know I just I keep that kind of stuff
pretty close yeah
so I'm with you on that you know so it's
it's all about like it's other people's
privacy well I put your level of comfort
way above anybody else's but I guess I
would say that it's it has there has to
be sort of value to the teller you or me
to talk about it we don't feel like we
need or want to talk about evolution you
know sometimes it's good to talk about
things but like like I did but the other
thing I mean I'd sometimes I prefer to
talk about it with somebody who's less
involved or you know he's
[Laughter]
what's the one thing you can't stand
about michelle has no patience for this
sort of wish she's watching this via has
no patience at SRI was she watching this
yeah yeah we know about it
well I totally incompetence at
remembering things
no well I mean I guess I mean you do not
kind of bet Bobby over just say that out
there no but you know it no I don't but
sometimes you ask me if you need to
shower well that's cause I mean I know
like a rocket of course you know oh yeah
but you know you know that I don't like
it yeah so that sounds great but what
okay like clearly I don't what well
especially when we were in the capital
our relationship I hated you changing
plans yeah but less so now yes you're
getting better but like yesterday you
know you were like I don't think I'm
gonna go
no I okay you figure it out and then you
just call me that yeah you know and I I
can tell myself
let's you know you're free to do
whatever you want if you're having a
better time with your friends and you
would have with me and my friends and
more proud to you you know but at the
same time it's not like you said you
wanted to go and yeah I was like you
know making the food for the amount for
the both of us to go because it's a
potluck you know so I'm making all these
plans with the assumption that you're
going and then you you know that I
couldn't stand and then again it's a
less of an issue now because it's not
gonna affect who we are and what we
already are to each other but it is
annoying when you do that and you know
this but it's sometimes things can't be
helped no no being apart you know you
know like I know it's sort of picking up
now but it was a period time
you only wanted to be away from stomach
book 1 once a month yeah
and then about once a month yeah you
still want that but and then it was a
month and usually you have a lot of
family things to notice stuff so you
know I it ultimately doesn't change our
relationship but it is hard and it's not
it's a not ideal you know I any
relationship needs time to grow and just
to be because we don't have any
experiences together we don't spend any
time together for extended period of
time what to me what happens is are we
continue to change and evolve and there
will come a time down the road where
like I don't even know what you've been
up to you and I have no sort of context
so you know what's how you got there
wrestler - whoa it has happened work my
friend
yeah yeah on a much larger scale that
would never happen to us unless you
moved to the other side of the planet
yeah he's so there was so be that so but
that's that's the thing that I feel like
all the relationships need is you have
to you have to stick in it somehow or
else you just lose the application I
mean what do you have with your enemy
affirmation okay is very you know kind
of special and different in that respect
that you can be connected even though
you may be drop out of each other's
lives or in Santa Cruz I think purposely
for me personally is is that I
appreciate person simply because he
really
good and generous and kind and
considerate of others and then I follow
us and selfish and forgetful and and so
I have a lot of negative self-talk that
I think comes from being around these
sometimes on your call yeah this is only
my own jerk brain but it is a game it's
no sin to be forgetful yeah
the thing I want most in life is to yeah
so I think part of it is keeping my
circle small I think you're it's social
you you might overextend yourself that
like I'm not so super saturated at this
point with my carry capacities over that
even used to be so I definitely started
keeping it a smaller but it's hard
because I want to drop people just
because I would you say that's why you
but so you don't agree that that's that
might be why you forget that you just
have so much going on yeah yeah and I
think I don't know I think maybe yoga
style which is which is the privilege of
growing up it hasn't left me very good
yeah what she up with a lot well I think
we've helped each other well I think
about the person I was when we first met
and how I didn't have a lot of friends I
was very isolated and very insular oh
well you remember this type when I first
came out in the community yeah I didn't
I didn't know anybody really and I think
what you've done for me is again just
sort of give me that structure in
initial in our initial relationship and
then now later just our new relationship
of being you know just having somebody
like that can really truly call family
and sort of like this sounds really
terrible but take that box it's so that
I can't just refer to you know explore
the other relationships in my life so
you know yeah it's not you don't help me
the way like logistics and you know
details and things like that but in the
overall scheme of things you've really
made a huge impact
yeah you got a red card coming up so
let's go I asked you what are you scared
to tell me yeah
any kind of Terror about except about
here other releases that's not that's
just again I don't think it's fear but a
lot of things that like like the sex
issue between us it's always spending a
little bit a bit of a sore spot I guess
and and the reason why we don't talk
about it now this is a moot point yes
make it this way yeah and I think that
part of your theory which is supposed to
be your teammate yeah
I never looked at in sickness like
that's shit it was something that we
tried to overcome that we just couldn't
and I was sort of like I was looked at
it as if we if we got to a point where
we could get through that you know we
might revisit the capital our dating
relationship someday but at that time it
just wasn't working so I never looked at
anything that we do I said that from our
relationship should have a goal
you know if we're not being well I mean
did you write it down you know outside
of that it was something you actually
wanted to go like cuz you you couldn't
see the appearances we made I felt like
that that was symptomatic of that you
really wanted to just not be in this
relationship so I felt I was doing you a
favor but I mean just from my
perspective that's that's the way I look
at it and and obviously wasn't doing
myself much good you know the way that
you know I was constantly sort of feel
that it wasn't working so what would
make you read me
is doing believe it huh
okay I'm not sure what leaving means for
us because I don't want to talk to you
yeah well you've hacked into my bank
account you stole all my money you know
you just like did the worst betrayal
ever I mean I guess yeah I would not
talk to you anymore or you know and and
it's also kind of business if you just
somehow got evil overnight you know it
wasn't any good reason for it I mean I
guess because that's what happened to me
with max you know that was so that's
kind of a sore spot so don't steal for
me that would be that would be one thing
yeah that's trying that is dreaming but
that's kind of where I'm at and I just
can't think of anything
right it was working sure if one of us
was he coming in ass yeah so yeah
ridiculous
nothing happen Oh lissa top
[Music]
I think yes we agree all those things I
think about like there was one holiday
where you stay at my place like for like
three weeks
was it not no that was no no yeah I'm
thinking of one holiday breaks I think
it was
I was just thinking that after a while
it was getting it to be a little bit
like oh yeah but that was that was for
that very extended period where you just
I think at that time when you were not
real happy with your family in your you
were just saying to me yeah over pretty
much the whole winter break yeah
and it was really nice at the beginning
it's like everything else is so me you
know you know my memory is just like our
anniversaries are always dead our
birthdays well yeah our birthdays you've
got some epic birthday party vibe at
good birthday parties I mean it's hard
to sort of narrow it down
yeah time period that was good hmm there
I really I really loved the trip to
Albany that was that was fun you know
really offbeat way
yeah when you came to my company picnic
they had to borrow one of my skirts yeah
yeah anything bad about my company but
yeah yeah yeah it was a different level
it was very you know totally superficial
connections with your co-workers but I
also really liked like going to sister's
wedding and your cousins living and just
doing stuff that like couples do yeah so
that that meant a lot to me oh that's
that's an easy one no done no xx1
absolutely no what's the biggest
compromise you've made you've made that
I haven't acknowledged
yeah because you what he can just tell
me some of the compromises you've made
and obviously epic novel over in the
capital art I mean obviously I I think
you bringing me to Ella's wedding was
complex
you know and I appreciate that was less
a little bit the very first time that I
thought to have yet Thanksgiving uh-huh
like who's that that really was like you
know that time I almost you know cuz
because I wasn't sure I was gonna do
that and then you were like look you
know I aren't I said that you know
there's a certain point in time where
you have to stand up stand up for
yourself and your relationship that you
know so I you know it's the back first
time and it was Thanksgiving I'm pretty
sure I don't remember if it was my
parents I'm sure if it's up in Baltimore
yeah like and it kept like a catch have
to be a conversation as you keep
rehabbing that's right so the first time
I think like that I would call it
because like once once
recently and that was way too recent it
was like compared to like yeah that's a
wedding is like not just your family but
whole family yeah but I remember very
much
when you sorta had to fight just to get
me to be able to come to your wedding
and I think your sister said something
like oh it's really just for you know
family yeah yeah but I can understand
sort of the greater visibility in a
wedding ya know like wanting to have
that to understand a little better
because mostly we have a family that's
like you know our my parents house
friends that I practically grew up with
their children you know and all this
stuff you know that's chosen family for
sure my pack so my parents have that
this other couple that they're basically
chosen family with like you know draw
the parallels between that was just I
don't know why it took them so long to
draw the parallel but I didn't spell it
out for them
I guess I should have done it what if I
compromised I mean I mean I mean there's
small things you know having
your own drawers in my place and you
know your stuff with my places yeah I
know you are I don't need any doctor man
I don't think of those as terribly
onerous complexes that's not the biggest
one but no I think I've really made that
man frankly I don't think I've made that
make compromises yeah it's all we just
you know you're the most important
person in my life
so what I don't maybe I do make them and
I just don't think of them as
compromised so you know like I always
feel like that's just what people do
love each other do for each other yeah
like we had some kind of I guess we were
that was because that was that was my
apparent have worst timing ever
yeah well you're very much out of sight
out of my person so and I'm not I'm very
much like people who I care about her
I'm always thinking of them you know
which I guess makes me such a friend so
I understand that but it definitely sort
of makes us hard to match up all those
things so maybe the compromises I'm
making is I understand your nature I
guess I'm a need to be okay - I may need
to be a little more open
yeah and you've made that come from
places all over the years many times
became a thing through that one week
when it dropped off what happened why
not why not owned up to in us changing
and getting out of a relationship what
what and I not owned up to you in us
changing and getting out of a
relationship capital armed with a
capital R Oh out of the capital our
relationship are you asking me
whatever Oh Oh what am I not gonna go to
in us so me yeah
not owning up to when we've changed okay
yes yes what do you know what's up - are
you asking me apparently
Oh what it what am I not know what I am
asking you what you think you've
acknowledged that you didn't do the
agreements well so you know
No so what have you not owned up to
just it just seemed like it was I don't
think there's anything that you haven't
owned up to and what did you just you
said what did you say when about the
mini breakup that's what I felt like it
was that like when we restructured to me
it felt like you were breaking up with
me
at the time and why did you feel that
way um well because we weren't in a
capital relationship anymore you see but
you understood why we were and you owned
up to it no I understood that but I mean
that didn't change the fact that that's
what it felt like okay you know but you
were you were very you were very adamant
that like but nothing's changing we're
just changing did that so maybe you
didn't rather hurt you why didn't you
express any desire to stay in a capital
our relationship because your arguments
for why we shouldn't and I thought you
were right I mean sometimes things hurt
because they're gonna transition the
stage
okay so was enough it wasn't a hurt
enough to want to fix it yeah my pain
doesn't line up with the reality so much
but hey it was there okay I understand
that it hurt but it didn't hurt enough
for you to say this hurts too much I
need to like yeah yeah I guess what I
would just say is that you didn't own up
to the fact that it hurt you yeah I
never knew that I can't read it
yeah why
for me cause like I say if I didn't know
and that if you just showed me that it
was something you really didn't want
maybe I would have said let's figure
something else out it was not something
okay so you actually I didn't do it what
like I didn't care either way about what
format the relationship had okay you
know because for me the important thing
was maintaining the connection with you
so if I were this would have at that
time to send I think we just need to end
this then you would have they knew it is
it no no no no we can do better
yes because because it was just
semantics and because you felt like you
were getting what you wanted while not
having to do what you didn't want to do
no no I'm not putting I'm not saying
that what you said I'm just saying is
that right and now you just felt bad no
it was words are so hard no I maybe it
was just the semantics I don't know
because for me because for me I had
considered us to be a couple our
relationship of changing it to be from
Bowles was like in the kind of escalator
relationship
you like is it down rape yeah you know
so I think maybe it was having absorbed
some of that oh sure
no I understand that right yeah and and
that's why I yeah I thought of it as
more like a graduation so my explanation
of that on that night of the 4th
anniversary didn't really quite take no
you probably hear what I'm saying but
you feel what you're feeling exactly
different but again I guess my failing
is I continue to believe that people can
be straight with me and like actually
saying what they feel and express
themselves well enough that that I'll be
able to guess I'm that's the thing is
I've never even perceive yeah I've never
seen you have a problem well yes you
have problems sometimes but you usually
speak your mind fairly easily in fact
many of the relationship check-ins we've
had you've been fine to say exactly what
you wanted to say even though you knew
it was not gonna be what I necessarily
wanted to hear the met the beach you
know sure
so I how would I know that this would
all of a sudden change and you'd
actually have some other thoughts that
you weren't being able to express I'm
not getting angry by the way I'm just
like I'm really interested to know
I do want to say that like the things I
have managed to express you have not
been as easy as apparently you perceive
them to be
like I hate taking a lot of work of my
work up the nerve to say things I find
really hard to say and I think when it
came to I mean it's also been a year and
a half and I don't remember the exact
things I was feeling it was per se and
not I guess maybe not be as clear any
part of it was that I needed to process
like in the moment what I was feeling
you know so I thank you I got quiet and
sad afterwards like when we were in the
diner
okay was it shiny I don't know what yeah
no I definitely remember getting quiet
and sad I didn't read it on your face I
don't know it's not like you're bawling
or anything well no I was just what I
needed to process it I think this is all
of those I think those
in addition to process for myself I
really felt like that night it did not
feel like a breakup to me you know it to
me real and maybe I'm just I had more
time to process it business idea yeah
but it really did feels to me like okay
this is the sustainable path forward and
you were right yeah I think so like in
hindsight I probably should have prepped
you a little bit and fed you a little
bit here a little bit there you know I
don't know who has more power in the
relationship you or me right now I think
when we were in the capital our
relationship I think it was probably me
just because I had more other
relationships and a firmer base I guess
yeah and that was really intensely
comfortable for me like I wanted you to
have other relationships
[Music]
yeah I'd agree I guess when you say why
don't say power in the relationship
let's define that that means who would
be more hurt if the relationship ended
is that what that means
I mean we could define that word or who
has more control over the relationship
where it's going yeah or where it's
gonna end I guess I don't know this for
me like I guess my first section in
Tripoli is that like for instance my
perception that you probably have more
power to hurt me that I do to her
emotionally so you mean currently no
yeah I think I think part of that is
just because you're probably to work
late again
my perception goodness like it's easy
and you're in a more secure place it's
like emotionally and self-esteem why is
that I am again my perception your your
evaluations of me deep like so but but
when it comes to like control I don't
think either of us yeah I don't think so
either
because both of us have the power to
walk away that's right yeah and we both
know it you know so yeah I think about I
guess right
I mean I guess neither of us are in any
other capital our relationships that I
know about but even even it's really you
know their disability yeah whether you
have another relationship or not but if
you talk about our relationship and
because we are each other soul mates
yeah I mean I just you know the nature
of power is very elusive so I guess when
if I think about strictly from a
material perspective I think I offer you
more than you offer me yes you know just
that place to stay and you know
resources yeah so fast for sure so I
think that that's very clearly about in
my favor
yeah now that you do have your own
circle of friends which is non-trivial I
think also that has bakwin like I had
the huge support group but you're the
friends like it was you always hang out
with my friends yes this which is a very
different dynamic than like you and I
know each other's friends upon occasion
right that's just a very it's just a
very different thing
yeah I think you have friends that are
uniquely yours but you didn't make me
that's right that's right that is a big
change of what we started
yeah but I think in one way like let's
say if I were relationship were to end I
think I would I would lose more in terms
of like I feel like I would have lost
the totality of my family whereas you
still have a birth family you still have
members of Joseph and members of your
chosen
that are as maybe close to being as
close to you as I am as close to you you
know maybe but closest closest you know
yes yes you know a bigger safety net and
so if from that perspective I may be
more invested in keeping this so maybe
that gives you more power so different
ways we sort of have different no
allowed at all let me see you're uh
you're insecure about your abilities
you're insecure about your body you're
gonna care about your gender identity
you're insecure about your future so
that it's yeah you're insecure about how
people you know perceive you yes that's
a one one hand that's that's probably
the big ones the rest I don't have to
dig yeah I mean you missed the biggest
one which is that I'm secure about my
hairs worthless human being Oh
but um I think it probably might need to
fear about different things than when we
first met probably um guys like but I
think well I know I know you're insecure
about the sex thing in general the
possibility of making those connections
in the future possibly making
connections with people in general
especially in terms of look because you
spent so long being so very introverted
and like not focusing your energy out
onto other people okay I mean I I just
don't know you're not worried about your
ability to make connections no okay no
rather I feel like a lot of times I want
to yeah well not that do it too well but
that I don't want to do it anymore you
know because I'm just so like I feel
overloaded a lot of times so no I don't
feel insecure about it yeah I mean I
know you're totally secure in your
abilities especially as a writer oh wow
like career-related in your place
you still are about people's perception
of your gender I think my whole life is
kind of a lot of it when you say
insecure you know insecure meaning that
you know exactly what's going on you
know exactly what's gonna have that
secure right if you're insecure means
you don't have that certainty
yeah I don't have a lot of certainty in
my life in general that's for sure
so now whiskey wall rattling through an
empty void right it's not an emotion to
me it's just reality
yeah well when it comes to feeling
insecure which is not a possessive
omentum arts okay you wanna feel secure
which it has a common enough that's what
insecurity is it's a feeling of not
being enough okay okay and in what field
do you not feel that you're inadequate
yes yes all right that helps so bukas
it's um start that list together okay so
I mentioned sex I mentioned bleep making
connections being sexually attractive to
others yes definitely
yeah sometimes feel inadequate ya know
how insecure you still feel about my
perception of your gender kiss I think
you still do yeah yeah I still get
really annoyed when I get served
especially on the phone on the phone but
it bothers me more than it would if I
was yeah of course
[Music]
I mean sometimes it does occur to me
that