so Clara what's what's your favorite
childhood memory and why
[Music]
[Music]
can you be a couple women probably one
when I took all those pictures of Alice
on the car in the player probably when I
went to see Mimi it was under day I just
made me in February
yeah why Los Angeles for my cuz I hadn't
seen you in a really long time
and and the other one because I was just
having fun
when you think of the first time we met
what do you remember the first time we
met at the hospital of course I just
remember being so happy you know you
were the first one so it was a new
experience and you were so little and I
had no idea what to expect and I had
been in the hospital for a long time so
then when you are there finally and they
put you on my chest here and you're so
perfect and everything is working and
you're screaming and you just look like
the cutest baby on earth you know so
yeah I just remember being so blessed
you know that you were there finally and
and it was in New York City which I had
never imagined I would have a kid in New
York you know that wasn't really the
plan originally so so do you want to
move to that question for me yeah
favorite childhood memory favorite
childhood memory is growing up in France
and in the summer we would go to the to
Brittany to spend the summer holidays in
the farm to some old and uncle and so we
would wake up very early usually like
5:30 6 o'clock and go to the stables
because they were milking the cows so
with my sister we would just wake up
super early run through the field of the
farm and go in the stable and it was
like smelling like
and we would love that like just trying
to help with milking the cars and then
once this was done we would go to the
big kitchen area to have breakfast and
my old aunt she was making a distorted
bread like old country bread bit bread
like this country style and she was
toasting it and I still remember the
smell of the toasted bread very nice yes
of course your turn what do you think is
special about our relationship very
[Music]
special relationship a lot of ups and
down I mean I think mother-daughter
relationship is a difficult one I didn't
know but it's difficult
I knew we loved each other so much but I
know we also rub each other the wrong
way a lot both ways but I think what's
very special is at the end of the day we
both have a lot of love and good
intentions you know so even when we
sometimes like get mad at each other we
know it's just temporary and two hours
later or the next day we're back on and
it's kind of us again you know so we're
just able to always forget and forgive
and learn and just grow together you
know I think that's pretty special
so what's the most fun you've had with
me and why
[Music]
or maybe I say yeah actually yeah when I
company yes maybe louder when I got my
ears pierced why probably because I've
been wanting it for a really long time
and you were the only one who said yes
and daddy said no it was not only fun it
was a bit painful to know if you could
wish one thing for me what would it be
health a very good health all the time
keep your energy and just like be lucky
with your health it's the most important
and a long life
what about I want you to answer that
question if you could wish one thing for
me what would it be
[Music]
okay so which done so what's the most
ridiculous thing I've done and what did
it teach you about me probably that you
get really mad when you were my age what
did you want me what did you want to be
I think I wanted to be your hair with
this air who's this it's two artists I
thought you said that you wanted to be a
pilot
no I think that was daddy no no two
artists because I what is do they are
exact you know so because I don't know I
had this fantasy that it was the best
way to travel and you always looked
pretty and you have people and you serve
people and you can just take the plane
all over the place that's what I wanted
to be when anyway I was your age but
definitely not after that no more
what do you want to be when you grow up
so I think a new one for now what do you
love the most about what what do you
love the most doing weight doing things
I guess having this I really really got
such a joy I think the building feel of
the sea maybe that's why yeah you know
industry and work I'm not oh well
so um what do you love the most
um can be something to do
sure I'll like I love play the violin ok
but I left again
hip-hop I don't
I guess you didn't know
you
anything right
what do you love the most
so I love to play the violin since um I
started the extra classes there
absolutely and hippo and I love done see
pop okay and I'm in school
I really like my maths
when you were my age what did you love
the most
or what did you like doing them was not
mm I think so 9 years old I spend a lot
of time rollerskating the one with the
four wheels so you know I don't you
remember the house which would you where
we used to live with that little dead an
area so we have the whole street to
ourselves
so we would just do like a lot of
rollerskating we would make like little
choreography dancing with the
rollerskating and just spend hours doing
that I think actually we had we had a
group of three lovers like me and in
this class
we had three of the same name and we are
very friendly the three of us so it was
Louis and the other two loans not very I
mean Louis for yellow ones below Hostin
color here we go
what scares you the most and cares you
know what like like I don't know like
really scared play yeah like what do you
find scary nothing she's scared oh no I
[Laughter]
don't know so think about after okay
when you were my age wet scared even
last I always I had a big fear that the
house would get robbed
so I remember some time waking up in the
middle of the night and because we were
living in the countryside they were all
these noises mostly from animals and I
always had this fear that maybe was
people coming in and rubbing their eyes
and so being robbed I think also you
know what because I remember going to my
grandparents house arriving one day
opening the door and they had just been
robbed but they had left already but the
house was upside down and he was like we
were you with your parents yes with my
parents we arrived at the house we had
the key we opened and we realized the
house had been robbed upside down and so
then I kept thinking it could happen to
us too and while we're there and
sleeping so and in the countryside you
know like it doesn't happen here in the
city but in the middle of the night
there's really like nobody nothing so I
always feel like it could be people okay
so what scares you the most
it's when you since you told me that
cowboy day men were robbed I was in the
middle of the night and um I'd yet that
her friend were awake yes that's when it
scared me than with ah do you think it
back about that sometime and also like
when I came back from hip-hop alone but
it was more like the winter and it was
like dark I was kind of scared like when
I saw people that so you answer that so
it's you now I guess do you think
that'll be a good mother why of course I
can you'll be a good mother I think
you'll be
because you you have a little bit like
even that teacher like personality you
know that you you're strict and you were
very good at directing people and at
being in charge so and also you take no
from anybody so I think your kids are
going to be like you don't let people
step on your toes let's say so I think
you're probably gonna be but at the same
I mean but at the same time you can be a
lot of fun and you so I think it's gonna
be a good combination
you're gonna be a very good no question
the one that was a question y'all ready
okay so what do you want to be when you
it's nothing what do you want to be when
you grow up I don't know hip-hop dancer
what's the hardest thing about being a
mom what's the hardest many things it's
very hard to be a mom I think to just
adapt to to adapt to your child's
personality because some things work
with one kid and doesn't work with the
other kid so you just have to be
flexible you know and you know you you
want to of course you want the best and
there are certain things that are not
really negotiable like you want your
child you know to eat well and sleep
well do well at school and learn a lot
and and be happy and be a social person
so it's just being balanced and you
still want to be a fun person and you
want to be good friends so just being
balanced I think from what you said
about doing well at school do you think
that has to do with anything at home
what do you mean like
poor credit yes if I get good grades it
battery no I mean there's no report
cards are to him you would want some
report card no do you think what my
report grad school has to do with what I
would what I make at home
I'm not sure what you're trying to say
you want to try it in French I'm not
sure what you are asking it's good just
click it it'll not I think I said what I
like no I mean the there's no connection
it I mean I I just I know you're doing
very well at school and I want you to do
very well at home but like it's just a
different system in a way hello yes
interesting what term or phrase do I say
the most you're gonna say it in English
you don't go brush your teeth three
times a day I guess or two times a day
at least
what are you worried about for me and my
future I mean I'm not really worried I'm
pretty optimistic and I think you're
like a strong person and you're very
smart and so I'm not really worried now
this world has gotten a little bit crazy
scary with lots of people know that
messing up a little bit this planet and
are not acting like very nice human
beings so that's the the part that I
worried I know you can do very well and
you have all the tools but it's more the
people that you might meet or being in
the wrong place at the wrong time so
this is a little bit friend wearisome
anything so well yes of course I mean I
worry that you meet the wrong friends
that's never that's a tricky situation
where especially when you in the
teenager years or because of course your
friends are gonna influence you a lot
and for work I'm not worried at all
because you have lots of good ideas and
I know you're interested in many
feelings and I think you still have a
lot of times you think about that anyway
so
what's the greatest lesson I taught you
I do next one
are you happy you are the oldest child
why or why not yes because I can pass me
by there how am I most like you and how
does that scare you actually don't think
you're like me a toll on you really
you've got to Teddy's side yeah I don't
recognize myself in you so I guess I
just keep that one what have I done
or what happened to me that scared you
the most why exactly too many accidents
opening your the I guess the first time
you open your forehead that was very
scary because it was the first time I
had to deal with a big was it
armed the first time okay so that was
the when you broke your arm so very
scary because I had never dealt with
such a real person being in such pain
and emergency room and you just of
course you think about the worst and you
it's very hard to keep like super calm
and not worry too much and thankfully
and also because i don't like the sight
of blood to start with and so it was
making me like really uncomfortable
oh and i remember when we did the
surgery first
and second time and I couldn't watch the
surgeon doing it so I was like put in
your hands and being there for you but
at the same time I just was trying to
not faint myself so that's I guess I
will do better now that I've done it a
couple of times with you and your
brother too
first time with me oh and about that
question were you more scared when I did
it Oh Adam you did it because I know
with Milo I was like we've done that
before it was fine in the end we know
the surgeon we know the hospital we know
we have to go what to do I was much more
comfortable because I need I had an idea
how things happen and how they really
look after us and they can fix it very
good no matter how big or deep it is you
know so okay so if you could change one
thing about me what would it be and why
I don't know I think you know you can
scale it down we take another one you
want a ski mask
okay so nice and Roger what something I
could do that would make you refuse to
ever talk to me again
fair enough and let me get my ears
pierced yeah but that's not enough
how do you describe me to others usually
I say that you're very energetic person
very sporty very social very very bossy
to loves to be in charge I usually
mention that you're a Scorpio because I
think it's got a lot to do with all that
it's compared to like Alice alright my
best friend I don't know your best
friend I don't live with them you know
but I can see that you have a lot a lot
more energy you have a little bit like a
leading role always like you like to
lead you know so interesting question
this way yeah how can I be a better
parent
letting me stay up late oh how late
really late
how often Oh what do you think you
missed out on by the by becoming
apparent nothing actually
nothing I never feel like I missed out
on I think all the rest doesn't matter
you know I I really think that becoming
a parent is the best thing that can
happen to you you know I have no regret
but you know concerts I didn't go to
movies I didn't see or job I didn't get
all because what do you think are my
best qualities as a mother you don't
have like the serious roles like Alice
has in her house like no I fought during
the week or or awake no Rubik those
treats Roos okay you want more strict
Roos
no wait what was the question
yeah thank you what I want best
qualities as a parent um that you have
no strict rule but yeah okay
do you wish you were raising me in
France why before you do it to guess
what you're gonna yeah try that in
France they're very polite and um also
you don't like me snacking so I never
really wish I was raising you in France
but sometimes it's true when we go back
to France
I feel like kids over there maybe a
little bit more polite have better table
manners or don't interrupt so much in
the adult world or so I would like that
influenced a little bit sometimes but we
don't live in France so how would you
compare me to mention in an eating way
you know eating way yeah I mean pretty
good but you still have to learn you
know it's it's ongoing learning but it's
true that for French mum table manners
and eating manners are very very
important and I'm not gonna relate that
I tell you
so maybe you know our we just have some
mushroom did bring news question what's
one lesson you really want me to learn
[Laughter]
okay okay all right I get it
what's one lesson you really want me to
learn many lessons many lessons I think
[Music]
it's very difficult a thing is we
respect and cherish your family I mean
you're very very lucky
because we have an amazing family the
small cell and the grandparents and the
aunts and uncle like we have this really
really loving family and I think I just
want you to yeah don't take it for
granted because because it's not going
to be forever you know sometimes problem
happens you know in the future health
problems or whatever so just to really
really cherish this family that we have
you know we are lucky very lucky
what's your absolute favorite thing
about me not my earrings please that you
want to borrow when you're gonna get
older that you let me buy your earrings
why do you love me because you're just
you can be the best you know you can be
the best when you want and you're just
you're your mind you know like how can I
not love you you know I've just you know
it's like nine and a half years I've
just spend all my days and weeks and I
see you all the time and it's just out
it just grows more and more the love you
know it's like yeah because you're a
just like a great kid any questions that
you want to ask each other
would you like I guess yes based on that
do you wish you would be you're raised
in France no I don't think there's a lot
of bilingual schools and also I don't
think I would I would clip with friends
there okay do you wish we would spend
other doing other things together
no do you wish we would spend more time
apart
[Laughter]