what's the most fun you've had with me
and why so many different times remember
the time that like there's no new you
force me to do yeah which video I don't
know in general I just I always have a
lot of fun do you want to ask it back
when was the best time or the first time
you said no because there's too many
they're dispersed I can't think of one
single one yeah but what what stands out
I guess those I guess that same period
when we were doing music videos and have
people over and unique coordinated like
a choreographed dances for everyone in a
circle oh yeah this works okay when you
think of the first time we met
what do you remember well yeah so
because you're 13 you're half my age now
13 years younger than me so I saw you're
a baby and I remember you're just spirit
was very chill and easy to laugh left
really easily and you're a very
good-natured and we play volleyball with
you this the ball tossing you back and
forth with me in my ass that's one of my
first memories but you liked them the
hospital I just remember being really
excited and you know so I don't thirteen
yeah so I don't clear I don't have a
clear memory of the moment I remember
them I remember being in the hospital
looking through the window and just you
know what's the most ridiculous thing
I've done and what did it teach you
about me
I can't think of anything ridiculous
like you seem very you're very grounded
to me I don't think you've ever really
made like anything done anything too
crazy in my life but in general I think
in what I've learned about you is that
you're very strong-willed and do you
want to answer
I can't I'm just thinking of something
really ridiculous one but um I'd rather
not say okay
what do you think is special about our
relationship well it always the kind of
fascinates me that we have such a big
age gap but we get along like at work
we're friends so that's always really
neat because you're kind of from a
different generation and then and that
we could talk about very heavy family
matters sometimes or you know so-called
issues but kind of laugh about it and
find a like lightness to it all so
that's really special to me you taught
me that
[Music]
how about you I think what's special is
the age gap in my perspective is like
you were a mom kind of like you had more
of a mother figure presence my life in
the beginning and then I switch happened
where we really felt like we were
sisters and then now it's like
yeah that combination of the three I
think really special and really rare I
think yeah I don't feel the age gap
sometimes and I feel so grateful because
you being so open with me I feel like
I've sometimes one step ahead because I
just imagine me at your age and
sometimes I fast forward in my mind and
I think about making if I were to make
the similar decisions or I'm always
putting myself in your shoes as far as
like what it's like being a woman your
age throughout my whole life so I'm
always thinking I think it's giving me a
lot of wisdom I'm not gonna do that I'm
not gonna do and the cool thing about
you too is you could us growing up in
totally different generations is that
you kind of gave me insight into like
the 80 years like I feel like I would I
lived through the eighties through but
like the music and all the things that
you guys used to do and like your prom I
feel like I was there yeah but I wasn't
even alive sometimes about some points
yeah yeah maybe I should take this off
because of the sound
okay
I mean what are you hesitant to tell me
I think with everybody not just you I
hesitate to like really show that
anything is is like I don't want to show
too to be too vulnerable I guess or feel
like anybody needs to take care of me so
I like avoid I don't want you to worry
about me so sometimes I just tell you
things that I may be too negative or too
sad in my life is that why cuz you're
scared I'll get worried yeah but it's
but it's really with everyone and
especially you especially anybody in my
family you guys are older than me so
it's like I don't wanna I don't like
being worried about just sometimes when
I share
mm-hmm is that stifling in general yeah
I think so yeah definitely it's
something I need to work on because I
think with age the problems get heavier
you you realize like the things that you
the way you dealt was like when you were
younger just don't work when you're
later again when you're older so I'm
finding myself breaking at some points
and needing help from people so it's
like everything I know I feel well
sometimes I don't tell you everything
because why I tell you that don't I that
I'm scared that I don't want to be heavy
on you I don't want it to be you know to
be burdensome what I want to add to your
you know because especially being the
older sister and being so much older
than you know so I felt I filter myself
but not not anymore I used to so I
you've kind of reassured me you've
convinced me that it's not is it
it's a true well I think now we can
relate more
things really isn't about being older or
younger yes a lot of things you're doing
in your life now that I could choose to
do right now if I wanted to yeah those
are similar like artistic beliefs and
like convictions about life so I think
that was our break for conversation a
limit on in the middle Paris right about
that I'm not your mom changed everything
but yeah cool all right who's next
what's the greatest lesson I taught you
to in generally to find humor in dark
places I think it's just it's more of a
way of being than a thing it's just
watching you do that you understand our
mother in a way that I took took me my
whole life and you know and it's some
and you're able to make to bring joy
into you know what
I used to kind of take it take on us
sort of tragic and stuff so you you've
helped me to to pretty to adopt that way
of being and stuff so that's that's
brought a lot of sunshine to my life and
it still does so um she agrees yeah your
sunshine yeah and now you're bringing
sunshine
[Music]
okay with me yeah all right you know I
want to answer that
oh I want to ask all right let me put
her just what's the what's the greatest
lesson I taught you maybe think the RAF
was better
[Laughter]
what's the Minnesota thing I would say I
think one of your greatest qualities is
your how discreet you are and your
loyalty I think it's a beautiful thing
to watch and to experience because
you're so loyal to me and anybody that
you love and you're so nurturing and
ever since I was little very little
because of our age gap I remember you
being very attentive and very present
and and that can that changes a child's
life and anybody's life really but I
remember you you're very concerned with
the people that you love and even it
shows so I kind of mimic like I think of
it when I think about loyalty like
standing strong next to somebody I think
of you because there's something so
consistent and transparent about you in
the way that you I feel like I'll always
have my back you will and you accept me
as for me for who I am
thank you it's your turn don't tell me
what to do
how do you think our families oh my god
hey take time to answer this money or
not how do you think our family's
history has affected us we are family so
it's pretty much I think that we both
grew up somehow on one level or another
without a father it's a strong
consistent father figure I would say
that and I think that United us I think
mom definitely United us through music
with her open-mindedness through her her
pushing us to express ourselves
to keep things as transparent as open as
possible in the home so I think you know
music art is self-expression and you
know because of certain tragedies that's
happened in our life you being so
nurturing okay good so in like nurturing
and caring towards me I think it was
amplified a lot more because of
everything that we go through it's
actually we've gone through so much as a
family and I don't think we realize it
I've been so positive about it right
what do you think you have to end
you don't ask me every question I know
but I think you put it really well I
mean I agree with everything you said
because you know I'm the one soy yeah
yeah I did it did kind of put my our
older sister night in it could put my
and me into the role of kind of like
more protector and second parent so but
you know it was uh we did that with
pleasure it wasn't a conscious thing
anyway you know one kind of just stepped
in where we had to and and stuff so I
think yeah that that you know definitely
that configuration mixed in with our own
nature's you know affected the way that
yeah that we bonded and you know the way
we grew together for sure how am i most
like you and what does that and happen
how am I most like you and how does that
scare you I think you're deeply
emotional like me you know except you
you don't necessarily express it in the
same way
can't the baby twosome
oh yeah maybe she plays with my hair
she'll be quiet for a long time okay so
I think you're deeply emotional like I
am but I think you relate to that
differently I mean you know you're in a
way or more oh we're both shy but in
different ways I think and yeah I think
you have a lot of water in your in your
nature as well even though you're you
act all tough and funny which you are
also but um I think maybe that's the way
we're most similar yeah like your
approach our approach to art yeah yeah
that's right
our greater philosophy of life I think
is a really similar can you say it some
more about them you tell me no you said
it well you actually you taught me it
was so hard because that's a big thing
what you expose me to profound musicians
and profound writers and poets at a very
young age
when you were like oh yeah I could get a
good job you can put some
thank you you've chosen like I was 10
years old and you were showing me Ben
Harper Jeff Buckley music from the 1870s
okay
in yeah you should only you exposed me
they're like mysticism and Sufism like
some of the greatest poets Rumi for
example is really like reflects a lot of
my philosophies in life and and the
greatest thing you always used to ask me
since I was little and the people the
type of people and artists that you're
attracted to are people that show a very
strong sense of purpose and are
individualistic in their expression so
you always used to ask me that question
and I think I'm a little bit more
scatterbrain than you and a little bit I
can get a little bit spread too thin
because I get excited about a lot of
different things it doesn't mean you're
scattering though yeah just interested
in a more diverse I know but you will
you push me to dig deeper and certain
things that I love and it's always been
so rewarding
especially with my art and with music in
general nothing that's your nature as
well you know it's not anything that
anyone put into you but it's just that
it was there already so it's just I
guess you know waiting to be seen and to
be you know well that's the thing you're
the first to see it in my life you know
what I mean like that's profound for you
to be so attentive and present to me and
like even though you did reject in the
beginning room I did hi that was a lot
there's some things it was too much but
how old are you and I thought I was like
10 and you fell asleep
she's pretty really pretty really scary
moved me on she's like me the
existential stuff you know that now I
understand my birth
all right okay Susie is it my turn funny
okay no is that yeah I don't know it's
that with me that just did it okay when
or what was the toughest moment in our
relationship
toughest is relative I really don't
think we really had any tough times in
our lives in a relationship I would say
just transitioning from like you being a
mother figure to me
and you also seeing seeing yourself as a
mother figure to me to becoming my
sister mm-hmm like a really good friend
yeah I think I felt that was
life-changing
yeah yeah
and I feel like we're like this like Cup
I feel like we're very complementary we
have such a strong foundation of trust
there's things that are similar about us
but when I think we're more different
and I think we learned so much from each
other because we're honest with each
other and we have such a strong
foundation of trust what would you say I
think just a moment was kind of just
brief moments here and there like when
we were roommates recently and then
uh-huh
and I wanted to take care of you make
you soup that meet that unwire why that
mean
yeah like giving you your space or not
worrying about you I have to remember to
not do that sometimes to give your space
and not to worry so it's like it's still
an effort but it's good when I remember
so yeah so I think those what else is
there anything else you like when did I
hate you yeah
it's a weird question what did you learn
from your parents that you wish you
could forget I guess they're things that
I don't necessarily agree with or that
that I've you know grown out of or that
I have a different view on it's not so
much that I want to forget but maybe
that life's a struggle or that things
have to be painful or hard or overly
dramatic or something like that I think
just having both to two artists as
parents was like you know there's a lot
of that a lot of suffering I think you
know know who you might as say it's
unnecessary but I think that's the
biggest thing that I've been working on
shedding and you know you've been a big
part of that kind of curing myself from
that you know is watching you and just
having a good time together and all the
laughter you know that that's generated
and just like you know just to focus
more on Joey and lightness not trying to
figure everything out or have to you
know to feel like yeah I wish to earn
happiness you know we could just kind of
be back and enjoy life more easily
how about you okay do you do do you want
to do you want to take her but not
anything that I would forget okay just
the first part then my parents I love
their or something that you that but
that you would want to change yeah that
you learned but that you don't
necessarily a doctor that you take put
your own twist on oh I don't know I all
I know is that the most thing that
inspires me but them to like their
dynamic is their level of trust mom but
I think it was so profound and I think
they were like intellectually a good
match and their trust of each other or
other children they really like a it's
cool a really cool duo and and they were
both concerned with like larger
principles of life much larger than them
mm-hmm and I think that's incredible
it's like the most inspiring thing and
the fact that they were brought together
in the world to do to help each other
okay okay so you move on yeah okay what
mistakes do you see me making that you
have also made what would you advise me
to do mistakes that you that you've also
me
[Music]
[Music]
what what are you worried about you what
are you worried about for me in my
future
well like I just said several - I don't
I'm practicing not being worried about
you and that's not something that I ever
want to give you you know so even if I
was I wouldn't say it because I don't
think that that's helpful in any way and
it doesn't shed light on your strengths
you know and besides I know that even if
you do run into any kind of trouble you
have your the resources and within you
to to get through it so not worried
[Music]
what have I done or what happened to me
that scared you the most what are you
worried about wait what what have I done
what have I done or what happened to me
giving birth that scared you and why the
most and why
you've never scared me I think you're
really strong because I know once you
focus in on something you're unstoppable
so I had this like I rode the wave along
with you easier
yeah the closest thing would be the
pregnancy I would say that for sure but
you I had such a strong strong base in
you I knew that you were going to own it
[Music]
okay do you know what sorry if we put
her on the floor then something is there
there's no blank or anything she's gonna
find more good I feel like she said
though I knew it that guys want no
power-washing it's okay well that's okay
here hearin let's just let's just play
with her and for the last three
questions like keep tripping can we like
a stand or we have to be sitting we have
to be sitting no cameras okay good
answer
all right yellow I've never been scared
in the only moment where I could have
been was your pregnancy
yeah and you were I I just believed in
you so deeply that you were because you
were so strong I was like she's gonna
she's gonna be fine
and it was true yeah let me see
[Music]
sorry guys we can stop any time okay
mama okay let me just see two minutes if
she oh oh yeah shit I'm just gonna feed
her for a second home I'm just gonna
feed her here for a second see ya we
don't need to film it sir
we're almost done we can actually we can
do it like this right no because they're
not think you could they really get you
yeah you can use my jacket no I can't I
don't want to talk well I'm I don't act
like she'll be done in just a few
seconds
you
oh ii forgot already okay
what's your favorite childhood memory
and why hmm
I don't remember my favorite but I
remember a good memory a good memory is
of like when we went to the medieval
times and we got to ride on the elephant
even though I was riding on his home
okay I liked that a lot I really liked
the show and everything there it was
really cool it was really different good
night
cuz it was cool it was different really
different to me I felt bad for you guys
because they were saying something about
how the elephant's tired and stuff so
that I'm like oh great we're trying to
enjoy ourselves when you're trying to
make us feel guilty about the elephant
list the top three best memories from
our relationship the moment you were
born you were like this feisty little
gorgeous thing like you came out
gorgeous that's one I remember when you
were maybe about two or three years old
and we were at some kind of a swimming
pool and we were there and there were
these guys like these handsome guys and
you're all like hey yeah and you're just
you're like the friendliest little kid
you just talked to everybody and I just
thought that was so cute and I was like
oh she's so cute and I just loved it
your confidence and just the way you
dealt with people I mean I'm not sure
that's in the top three but just now
like it's hard to number them
it's hard to come off the top of your
head