do you run through
when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember I remember
being really nervous and being feeling
really relieved after seeing you why
handy guys will do that I just was happy
to finally get there because I'd been so
nervous all morning and that to see he
was just like good and I remember
starving
not realizing we were only getting
drinks and I remember I've told you
about that song that played and having
this weird moment
what do you remember what do I remember
about the first time I met you was one
your smile because you were smiling even
when you walked in which it which was
good because I was nervous too and it
made me feel better and I was also happy
I didn't get catfished so that you were
who you said you were and I enjoyed our
conversation it was easy to talk to you
from the very beginning so yeah that's
what I remember most
list the top three memories from our
relationship oh I think they all central
around trips so like our first trip
outside of outside of Phoenix when we
went down to two so Tucson to go seek
Romeo so that was probably the my first
favorite memory just because it was us
and we didn't have to worry about
anybody else
you know bothering us and you were
showing me around where you went to
college and I didn't really have a lot
of good things to say about Tucson the
second one would and we just talked
about this the other day would be our
trip up north where we went to the
Wildlife Park and went ziplining and
then walked around like downtown
cottonwood that was pretty great just
because I got to show a little bit more
like my inner nerd like when we went to
the bookstore and got a crossword puzzle
so I really like that and then the third
is kind of tough because I would I would
say it's either between the Dominican
Republic or when we went to Mexico only
because of the company we had when we
were in Mexico and for me it was
actually really important that you got
along you know with my best friend's
family because they mean a lot to me and
you mean a lot to me and that was the
first time we had really been able to
spend a substantial amount of time
together like a week and then also
seeing you interact with people that are
so important to me in my life yeah those
are my top three yeah
do a question you want me to ask you the
question to know would you like to
answer it I can if you want
yeah it's half their moments for me
would be the Cottonwood trip okay it was
right after you told me that you weren't
expecting to fall in love mm-hmm
so my mind was racing in the whole trip
trying to figure everything out and
[Music]
to see you being over at the house with
my parents and under and just everybody
they love you so much and I love just
being able to have dinner together I can
like walk away and you could spend the
whole day there you making conversation
with them and I don't have to worry
about you third one
I really like Mexico yeah yeah what do
we got that they would Jen and the kids
I love them
yeah I'm glad yeah when was the moment
you knew you loved me the kind of a trip
that's one of the reasons it's one of my
favorite moments I wanted my favorite
trips to I remember walking around the
park and I had been thinking about it
since you said something like that week
before and realizing like it hit me as
we were walking around and getting too
nervous and like not even had this weird
moment where I couldn't even talk to you
for a little bit was just so comfortable
yeah good I know you told me that it
makes me happy I am clueless and did not
pick up on any of that like during that
trip but it's probably just because I
was feeling the same way and didn't
didn't want to tell you because I felt
like we didn't want anything serious so
no I'm not allowed to have feelings and
I shouldn't you know express those
feelings and lo and behold it all worked
out so you oh yes I don't think there's
any one particular moment because I know
that before that trip I had asked like I
had told you that I was starting to feel
like I loved you and I but I wasn't
ready to say it so explicitly you know
so definitively but I think it was just
the events leading up to that like the
days that we would spend you know just
talking back and forth for hours or when
the way you made me feel like not
judging and not you know you didn't
really care about like my past or where
it came from and all you could see you
know it was what I was doing now and
things that I've accomplished and that's
really important to me and then the fact
that your family was so welcoming and
that we all got along so great so I mean
that was really important to me too
but yeah I think our little drive-by
stew or did we stop at each others house
even if it was just to talk for 15
minutes like that that for me like that
time frame it was probably when I
realized I was you know first loved you
and then eventually I was I told you
that I might be feeling that way and
then I wasn't scared anymore and told
you I did
what do you most admire about me your
independence that's an easy just because
you don't you don't need me you know you
don't need anybody you do it on your own
you like having a support system there
but you are not reliant upon them you
know you don't give yourself enough
credit but I know it's true
so I do admire that a lot about you it's
not easy living the life we live but you
do a great job thank
what's your favorite imperfection about
me
that's hard do you have multiple no no I
just because it's something that we've
talked about your how argumentative you
can be it drives me crazy sometimes but
it puts me in my place sometimes and
I have learned a lot about myself and
working out patience and communication
yeah I'm going to talk to you yeah but
you see you see that as an imperfection
me being argumentative is it that I'm
argumentative or that I just question
everything that you say and want to see
if you're able to back up whatever
whatever statement you have and where
your reasoning behind it comes from
because that's usually usually where why
I'm asking for clarification or what do
you mean or that so I understand that
yeah it's just I think sometimes it
comes off a little more aggressive you
know and I have to remember that it's
not what you mean there's error what
you're intending yeah it's just part of
my personality yes can I answer it for
you um yes you know so my favorite
imperfection about you is that you're
stubborn like even though I am
argumentative I like that you push back
and if you have a view or if you're
thinking something you're not so quick
to say okay okay well I'll I'll look at
it your way or I'll concede because I
need somebody who can actually challenge
me so I mean you're stubborn and
sometimes that's hard but I would rather
you be that kind of stubborn send
somebody I can just walk all over
if you could go back to when we started
our relationship and give yourself
advice regarding us what would you tell
yourself not to be so stupid what do you
mean well I told you I had my my inner
conflict you know the idea that getting
into a relationship before I was getting
ready to go to law school and not
knowing where I was gonna end up is just
a bad idea but you know we spent like
three months I'm trying to figure out
what we were going to become and I guess
when you asked me about being an
exclusive couple or dating each other
exclusively and I was just so quick to
say no even though I knew in the back of
my mind that I liked you more than
anybody and that there was no reason for
me to say no so quickly other than me
being afraid and stubborn about the idea
that being in a relationship wasn't a
good it wasn't good for me right now but
I know I feel like we kind of needed
that though I was in the same place yeah
for less time than you were but yeah I
wasn't sure either
where I was gonna be yeah but I got it I
mean I got over it so here we are what
about you thank you go back to only
started
[Music]
I think it mostly applies to this last
year I would tell myself to be to work
on the communication thing earlier
because it was hard this last fee was
hard yeah and we figured out with we we
started off when we were just life was I
mean easier we didn't have the stress of
school and futures and everything and
this last year it was been a completely
different kind of relationship with all
the stress on top of it and learning to
deal with that on top of like talking to
each other at the end of the day with
the stress and learning to put it aside
and not take it out on each other yeah
separate it yes because we're good and
the rest of that stuff sucks okay I
think that's good
we're following it now try what are you
hesitant to tell me
I don't think I'm hesitant to tell you
anything really
like specifically or in general like is
there a specific thing that you're not
hesitant to tell me or are you generally
not hesitant to tell me anything
generally not hesitant to tell you
anything ain't good or bad I think so do
you feel like I'm never hesitant to tell
you anything no I appreciate it about
you I'd rather you just come out and
tell me how you're feeling even if I
might not agree with the way you do it
or what you say I would rather just know
because we're I mean we're pretty open
like that
so I'd tell you anything and everything
good better
I do I think it's something that I
picked up from my mom it's good or bad
she will not hesitate to tell you
anything mm-hmm
yep sorry is there anything you're ever
hesitant to tell me oh we talked about
like the context of like girlfriend lies
right like where you say these like
little fibs to make your significant
other feel better about something but I
have never thought to even do that with
you we actually talked about it when I
couldn't tell you know how you would
feel if I if I told you something like
that I think I don't know if you
remember but when we had the
conversation about these things and
someone telling me Erica you need to
learn you know to give girlfriend lies
instead of say told you that's stupid
yes it's this thing what you think and I
don't know I just tell you whatever I'm
thinking sometimes you don't like it
and it gets me in trouble but that's
mean it's up your situation but I'd
rather just say what I'm thinking and
pretend like everything's okay or like
that's the only
[Music]
the only time I think I've ever
considered whether or not to like
actually tell you the truth
or give you a girlfriend line Oh your
husband tits yeah figure out if you
should do the girlfriend like yeah but I
never do so I'm thinking anyway okay
who gives more in this relationship and
does it bother you you do I get boy you
think oh yeah you were way more patient
I'm not an easy person to deal with I'm
like you said argumentative I can also
be stubborn I'm also more sensitive than
most people know and you deal with it
really well
does it bother me sometimes and I think
I don't think it bothered me as much
until this last year until I realized
you know where I needed to do more for
you with us being apart because I mean
for me it's it's a little different it's
not to say that I don't think about you
I don't care about you but we've had
that conversation where if that person
isn't sitting right in front of me you
are they're not they're interacting with
me on a daily basis it can be easier for
me to separate and compartmentalize
things a little bit and not forget but
not realize where you know they are in
terms of my priorities so it doesn't it
bothered me a little bit knowing you
know that you needed more for me over
this last year but I'm okay giving it to
you now that I know what you need so
what about you
[Music]
I would have thought it's pretty even
there was I think a couple weeks ago
actually where this came up and I just
remembered where I felt like I was
sacrificing more to make the trips out
to Denver or to like quit doing like
studying for the day to FaceTime or
something and I think you were a little
more focused and that probably had to do
with also mean that wanting to to put
the school at some points but yeah I've
fallen even for a little bit but we
talked about it okay
it was fine
how this is great how do our priorities
differ and how do you feel about it it's
a follow-up question well yeah well we
talked about it I think both of our
priorities right now our school and we
talked about that being our number one
priority from the beginning mm-hmm when
we started and family for me thank you
and when when we talked about things
being a little bit and even is when I
started putting you on top of everything
in front of school yeah but how do our
priorities differ and how do you feel
good for you I feel like it's been
mostly school and work you like to keep
busy yep and I'm okay with it because
one of my favorite things about you is
your ambition and I understand it
because I'm in the same spot too
I know what we couldn't gotta get done
yeah yeah
when was the last time I disappointed
you and how do you feel about it now mmm
you know the answer to that question it
has not changed since last December that
was the last time yeah there hasn't been
anything else since mmm
I wouldn't say like the things that you
know have come up that haven't been
great I have actually disappointed me
per se because some of those things I
can understand a little bit easier you
know because it's based off of my
behavior whereas you know the last time
we had this discussion it was an
important day for me and I was trying to
tell you you know I need to go I have to
focus I cannot do this right now
but it was kind of like you couldn't let
it go and I just didn't know what to do
because I am NOT one to leave in the
middle of an argument not all the time
that's on how angry I am but I just I
can deal with it and that you can see it
until we talked about it probably months
later was what's frustrating for me
because I know I wouldn't have put you
into that situation that I try to avoid
you know stressing you out when I know
that you can't afford to be stressed
when you can't afford to have your
emotions mixing with you know your
priorities so yeah yeah what about me
with you
the last time I disappointed you
[Music]
oh but now I'm okay with it I'm good and
we talked about her you know that yeah
last time he disappointed me was I've
been often a couple of weeks ago with
picking you up from the airport because
I was grumpy you were grumpy but it was
the one day that like I was able to also
hang out with friends
mm-hmm and I wanted you to come out with
me and we talked about it the day before
no and you were fine with it and I think
and then the next day dogs I knew
weren't but I think a lot of that had to
do we talked about it it had to do with
the fact that we had it communicate
through text while I was in class and
hmm things don't come across as clearly
you know I think I was just really
disappointed because it was I think one
of the last week's classes and I needed
to get out to pay attention we needed
your Brady - hmm you needed your break -
so I hang out with friends I encourage
you to do it but I think we we cleared
that one up so yeah
what's been the hardest thing for you
that I didn't see or understand
[Music]
for me it was well my parents are great
but
when I first at least with my mom when I
first came out to her mm-hmm it was a
little harder I had to be blown over she
didn't take it that great it wasn't
terrible but it also wasn't like what
you want to hear so just kind of had to
ignore it and not share that part of my
life with her and it made me has it sent
to tell my dad which I thought he was
gonna be the first person I told and I
actually didn't actually ever say
anything to him until we started a TV
and I was like oh by the way I wouldn't
say that you didn't see that for me to
see me have our time with that you you
see me have a hard time with my mom
sometimes yeah but not not that with
your dad or just like no I just mean um
that period where like I felt like I
couldn't talk to my mom at all before me
yeah but before you say you didn't see
it yeah but I think but you've got to
see like the good happy family now
they're great they love you yeah
okay does that make sense well because I
mean I look at it in terms of the
context of our relationship not
necessarily what we didn't or like what
I didn't see before cuz that would make
sense I wouldn't be able to see that
before but I understand that given my
family history as well right and I was
gonna say you probably understand part
of it but but I'm talking about I was
imagining like if we would have been
dating during that time mm-hm
or during a time if my mom would have
never come around whatever you call it
you know okay yeah I think so right
could you answer that question for me to
answer
we've talked about this a lot mostly
that when you ask certain things of me
it's hard for me to modify my behavior
immediately so for example like when I'm
grumpy at an airport because it's a
high-stress situation for me and I try
so hard to keep it under control but in
the until we've talked about it with
more clarity especially you know over
these last couple of weeks that I am
willfully wanting to change certain
things you know for you and for me
because I'm not happy when I'm stressed
out in certain situations but I think
you had a hard time understanding that
some behaviors are not natural for me
and if I'm going to change if I'm going
to try and be more peaceful at the
airport for example or be able to show
that I'm excited to see you as soon as I
step off a plane it takes some time it
takes practice
you know because despite how much I how
happy I am to see you I it's just not
natural for me to do so after spending a
couple hours on a plane smashed next to
people that I don't want to be next to
if I'm being honest but but you've
gotten better about it
so yes
what's one thing you would change to
improve our relationship
a tough question because I feel like
we've done a lot of talking about that
lately I think it's about okay okay fine
I think quality time when we're actually
together instead of us sitting and doing
homework together and I know that's not
always ideal because our schooling and
testing schedules are very different and
especially with this next year with you
being on rotations and me still being in
a lecture type environment you know the
type of work and studying that we're
going to be doing is different but when
I see you I would like to have at least
one day where we aren't in the books
yeah and I think that would help our
relationship given that you know the
first year was surrounded with or
defined by travel and food and going on
fun adventurous dates even if it was
just hiking you know those types of
things are important to me and I feel
like we got away from that a little bit
for this last year and I think we can
figure out a better way to balance it so
and it will help us do you feel like our
trips this last year we didn't get at
least a full day or there was no much
really okay do you some trips yeah okay
I don't I mean because the only time
we'd have like a full day was on
Saturday and even then it turned into
like partial study time or you know
gotta do stuff around the house instead
of right yeah okay
I see what you mean yeah yeah yeah
that's true I would have liked to
explore a lot more of Denver with you
this last year right I would have
thought that we would have done a lot
more of that yeah and I mean even though
like Phoenix was home we could still go
on our hikes we could still go
adventuring you know around the state it
wouldn't have been that hard but I think
being able to have that time to focus
one-on-one with us because we have
another year of this at least so instead
of it being incidental you know that
it's like okay I'm coming I'm going to
study maybe we'll get to go to dinner
and that'll be it so okay what about you
yeah I mean ideally we would be in the
same spot again because I love that
first year of getting to spend all that
time with you and I remember my parents
being like okay what are you gonna do
this weekend because we were always off
somewhere
but yeah no I agree okay so what would
you do this next year since where this
is gonna be a little harder well there's
you know there's this like the 50 things
you're gonna do in Colorado or the 50
things to do in Colorado 50 things to
eat in Colorado I mean I have ideas we
talked about you know going to Garden of
the Gods going hiking but we just never
seem to like make it out and now I'm at
this point where I'm just gonna say this
is what's happening when you were here
because I mean it's great to sit at home
with you or to go to the library and
study together but we do that when we
have our Skype dates so I'm just not
wait give you that yeah so I'd rather
look at the list and figure things out
or find ways to go travel on a three-day
weekend you know if at all possible
hmm how do you think my family has
influenced me as a person yeah
I think it they've had a lot to do with
your rough exterior the hard shell the
walls that you put up yeah when you let
people in you're so trusting and you
love your close friends so much yeah but
like seeing you with your sister that
trip was a side of you I'd never seen
because you're never that like
standoffish sure cold mm-hmm it's made
you strong
and ambitious
there's good hmm it's best though hmm
okay
how do you think our families have
influenced our relationship I love your
family your family is as much a part of
our relationship as you and I are I mean
because they're so important to you and
ergo they're just as important to me but
independently I have relationships with
people in your family and I know that
their opinion matters to you and how
they view us matters you to certain
extent it doesn't change your mind you
know obviously you want them to like me
for you and be happy that we are
together and see us as a good thing so I
think they've influenced us in a
positive way and I like that they give
us an environment where we can be
comfortable and feel included and it's
not strange like even this last you know
this last day that we were there in
Phoenix you know just all the family
time we got I really enjoyed it
now you know as far as my family goes
they have no weight or say in our
relationship I mean it segregates you
from them a little bit but I prefer it
that way I don't I don't need to feel
like I have to prove anything to anybody
or that I have to defend my relationship
but I don't necessarily feel that it
hurts us because the people that matter
in my family do support us and so that's
all I need and that's nothing me what
about you
I love how much you get along with my
family how well you get along with them
I think actually our relationship has
influenced my relationship with my
family a bit too hmm I feel I mean we've
always been very close but I think the
fact that I can bring someone else in
for them to love and embrace has brought
us closer to I a couple of years ago I
could have never imagined like talking
to my parents or to my mom about a
relationship like I never did I never
did growing up
mm-hmm you just need mm-hmm okay and
yeah like you said your family I respect
who you choose to bring me into like my
friends like who you choose to introduce
to me and who you choose to bring into
our relationship from there mm-hmm
what kind of family do you want to have
with me
I don't know we've talked about this a
lot yeah and we've talked about kids and
know give and it's hard for me to answer
because I keep flip-flopping back and
forth that's okay and I don't know if
I've shared that with you but I can pick
up on it it's not like it's not like you
hide that very well because sometimes
really no not yet no and then other
times you are all crazy about babies and
I don't know what to do with you so but
I think as to as a family mm-hmm I'm
happy with that idea and
some other kids are no kids I like both
ideas I'm sure one day all I'm so
indecisive so when I figure it out you
let me know yeah okay you it is no
secret that I could live my life very
happily without children I've never had
that like desire to carry a child or to
have babies but then you see how I can
be when I'm around young kids so I know
you guidance or support comes good with
kids
yeah but I think for me it's it's if we
had a family when I envisioned us having
a family I don't necessarily think it
would be either one of us like caring
children or whatever and I also don't
think that either one of us would
fulfill like some archetype you know
archetype of role or whatever you know
like one of us has to stay at home and
one of us has to work I don't I think
both of us would be working parents and
I see you being more lenient and
empathetic and me being more the
disciplinarian but at the same time if
we I know we talked about this this
morning at breakfast if we had kids they
would prank you all the time because of
my sense of humor and it would be
amazing
so but I think we'd have a strong family
I think we'd have a family that reflects
your family and how close they are and
how you guys can all talk to each other
and spend time together and go on trips
together and you know you have that
stability I would love that I'm very
lucky to have that kind of family yeah
so that's that's the kind of family I
think we would have when do you envision
that happen I mean the hard part is you
know I'll be starting my second career
and I want to be focused and I also want
to feel that I can provide you know that
again you're not relying upon me and you
never will be but I want to feel
comfortable
you know that I can provide for a family
if we choose to have one and that could
be five years from now it could be ten
years from now
I don't know so what about you you have
no idea no yeah no there's times where I
feel like oh my gosh five no it's not
it's not old but but I have so many
friends that are married or getting
married or having kids and and I don't
know when that's gonna happen no that's
okay you don't have to know
what have you learned from me that's
changed you
it's not a surprise you know that I'm
argumentative that I can have a quick
temper that I like to correct people but
I think you've taught me to do it in a
nicer way and you know obviously
listening to what other people need not
that I didn't do it before but I guess
with you I'm more willing to implement
you know this changes in trying to see
the other side of things instead of
feeling like I have to stay at my ground
and you know like no one else could be
right but me I guess in terms of
relationship but I find myself applying
it in my friendships as well you know
trying to be reciprocal like when you
when you ask me how my day is and me
maybe like oh it's great how is yours
like something so simple it was telling
Maggie that the other day you wanna know
how I know we're friends cuz I actually
asked about your day it was simple but
actually doing those things you know
trying to be more considerate trying to
see things from other people's
viewpoints and not be so quick to shut
it down what about me for you
[Music]
I'm still working on this but you were
both a little shy and introverted but
you know how to network and you know
turn it on and I still feel like awkward
and certain situations and you just let
that fly by and you are fierce and kind
of take control room and I don't know if
I want that attention but I respect that
so much and I would like to be a little
more like that mm-hmm to be able to take
control of my future a little more
boldly you can do it I'm working on it
I'll teach you everything you need to
know just act like you don't care
you can thought you really do
what excites you about our future
together and why there's so much
potential for it I'm really excited
about our future I I'm excited to finish
up school and hopefully move in with you
that's to Denver and I mean we get
excited when we you send me like house
links and puppy links and I'm excited
about that and I'm excited about our
potential - we can do anything we can do
whatever we want to do or go wherever
fortunately I don't think I'll be tied
down anywhere job wise and I'm also
excited that I found someone that loves
to travel as much and loves food as much
as I hate to as silly as that sounds cuz
it sounds great to just be able to you
know I have that partner to go on all
those adventures with ya what excites
you hmm I like the idea of us planning
our futures together to be back in the
same place again so that we're not
having to go do this back and forth you
know flying to see each other every
three weeks and the stress of planning
that out I like knowing that you're
going to be there when I when I come
home it makes me happy
I was happy to yeah and I think um it
makes me happy
only because I see what your parents
have it and I think that we can have a -
and so not having that growing up I want
that with somebody else
and I see that for us we just have to
get through this next year of going back
and forth but um yeah I'm excited for us
to survive this next year for you to see
me graduate for us to be in the same
place and to fulfill our relationship
goals you know of being as awesome as
your parents try right we'll try but I
think we can do a pretty good job did
you ever feel like you could have that
before I think I trying to force it with
you it's very natural
okay cried why do you love me
because you understand me because you
don't judge me all the time
or about ridiculous things the things
that I would say you judge me on her
actually do you just challenging me and
making me think more deeply about what
I'm saying or what I'm feeling then
again you don't need me or in see you're
so independent and intelligent so I love
that I also love that I can be
ridiculously silly with you and that we
share like the most strange sense of
humor yeah you know and so the fact that
I can show those sides to you is huge to
me because other people didn't
understand that even I have friends who
don't even understand it but you do and
it's great and you're also you're
sensitive in some ways that I could
never understand and I like that I can
learn from that yeah I love you
do you feel like you're sensitive in a
different way yes very sensitive
why do you love me
I feel so comfortable with you I always
have I'm safe
and I get excited about our future and
what we can build yeah
at all no no
so you remember when we talked about
blank cards yeah well I do have my
question and then the question is if you
will mean something you know me better
than that
mm-hmm so yes yes yes
you're sneaky I knew you were up to
something like the ring know what it's
beautiful I tried
how long have you been planning that for
December Oh
last year mm-hmm yeah
since the suburb last year everybody new
cha new Bethenny new Carina new Andre I
knew your parents knew everybody knew
yeah
do you know why why yesterday when we
were at home my this is so weird but I
walked out of my room
uh-huh and I saw my mom hugging you oh
but it was
I know those hoes yeah I know those hugs
yeah I was so worried your dad too like
when we were leaving the airport like he
grabbed my hand
I was like oh no it's so funny I noticed
that too yeah I was like she's gonna
know she's gonna know but yeah so very
sneaky do you know I had the ring
delivered to Arizona the last time I was
here or the last time I was visiting you
know mm-hmm I had it for a while right
yep
but I'm happy you said yes oh yeah yeah
I mean it's whatever I said what I
needed you to say you said yes your
parents are so excited
are they they've been texting me and
they're like oh my gosh we can't wait
till the end of the month because they
knew you when you were gonna do it yeah
I told them when I told you I asked them
not they knew exactly one it was kind of
like well you know they yeah when I was
telling you that Andrea kept telling you
she wanted to go wash your car with you
and you know that whole situation and
then your parents we're going on and on
like why did you want to wash your car
now and then I said well actually that's
my fault I said I needed Andreea to get
Caroline out of the house because I need
to talk to you guys and I said that they
knew we were planning on going to New
York and I wanted to get their blessing
so they gave it to me and then we talked
about when and everything so they've
known for two months and they've been
very excited how hard was that so hard
I don't like lying to you or like not
lying but just not telling you something
so big when we share everything and
anything you know so you're super hard
universally funny huh when you told me
we were gonna do this I I remember that
there's blank questions
and I was like what if I what if I ask
Oh like no I can't do that yeah and what
if I ask no I can't do that what have
you asked mm-hmm huh I wouldn't have
expected that from you that's why and I
don't I don't have a ring oh yeah we've
talked about that and yeah I want to ask
I will ask when you're ready with the
ring I'm not in a rush I love you I love
you so much
carrying that thing around has made me
so anxious for the last two days there
was a UN going to go get ready to take a
shower yesterday and I had the Box
sitting in my makeup bag and then you
had to come back into the room and I was
like no I took the plastic bag and
covered it like over the makeup bag so
you can see what was inside cuz I was so
paranoid that you were gonna get into my
bag and do you remember that time when I
was when we went to Tucson with Jen to
celebrate her birthday and her getting
in my bag for something and I said no
you can't look for it in there because I
got you a gift
and I was saying it was our anniversary
gift and your gift for your white coat
ceremony it was the yet for the room and
I was like but like this is a group
effort Carla was with me Logan was with
me to help me look at things like so I
brought a lot of people in to make sure
I didn't make any mistakes
yep
thank you a lot yeah I like you too oh
that's good
I like when both are involved nothing
like we're really gross
you know I have to say it yep but think
about you like the ring I'm glad you
said yes
that is what this whole thing was about
yep yes it was
I'm not very romantic if I tried no this
is a great good I'm glad you liked it
yeah they on there and I think it was
great I got some masterminds you told me
I'm not allowed to play pranks or do
anything sneaky this kind of almost no
pranking because that's very real but
definitely sneaky you have to call your
parent I do I do
yeah I was just thinking that yeah
there are so many people waiting to find
out like what happened it was good
my biggest nightmare would have been you
saying no
and then me being like well okay they
one of the trip yeah first day but I
also wanted it to be today because it's
our anniversary two years counting and
counting
I'm excited good I'm glad you guys I
want to run or want to run out and like
go scream call my parents and yeah I'll
even let you post the picture to social
media you can tell everybody oh but it's
fun
there are people expecting it oh yeah
yeah I'm kicking myself why are you
kicking yourself I was thinking a few
months ago I was like this this would be
a really good trip for that yeah it's
fine I beat you to it
oh you beat me to it I had a feeling you
might do it tails like what if we both
show it up I actually thought that would
happen especially it was like you kept
going on and on and on about like the
blank questions this morning and I was
just like she cannot steal my thunder I
have been planning this for seven months
there is no way so but I really thought
that you might have that and I had a
little bit of panic this morning that's
what made me more nervous and than this
like being here and doing this I was
just like if she actually has a ring and
she proposes one how did I not pick up
on any of that - this is my event so not
that I would have said no or a bit upset
but it just it would have been fitting
all the times that we've done the same
thing at the same time or worn the same
thing at the same I wouldn't have been
surprised because we've been on the same
wavelength
yeah
but now you know why I was pushing back
on making hard plans with your friends
today and why I wanted you to wear a
dress to dinner tonight yeah oh I didn't
know I
