[Applause]
to each other
[Applause]
hey girl has cheek so funny art history
class yeah it was like freshman year no
no you like her you have her my lipstick
I like your hair was like dying yeah
yeah and I was sleeping I was sitting
next to our friend yeah and you were
like you were sitting like at the corner
over there and I remember you had the
professor and Jimmy yeah we don't really
talk that much first it was only during
this summer when we started at the head
yeah so that was really Andrew making
those umbrellas yes okay at art school
of tennis shoes Happisburgh
yeah
[Music]
but let me like you know time
restriction pretty late
yeah I can with some engineer well no I
will miss it like I miss like me not
like innocence but like the idea that
you were all starting yeah we could we
all have like the liquid freedoms it's
literally right Splore a lot more
makeover than just like oh yeah you know
[Music]
what's your three favorite memories that
we shared
every time that I've been
[Music]
it's like funny ones
yeah I mean one need to overcome you
know me oh my god yeah and you know
though your foundation like loved off
forever forever live all and compete
over and against for your I'll go the
pieces review yeah that was a funny one
I can't QT got mad I get picked up
[Music]
Oh Sicilia we
she was already a bit above it I think
the closest was I think's towards the
end of senior year we were struggling a
lot yeah not in terms of just like it's
not more like personal lives
yes but like at the same time making our
art we felt very limited and very like
you didn't have anyone else to talk to
yeah we were feeling really down on the
I remember I got really upset
towards the end of senior year ago
because I was just so frustrated with
the work that I was doing and I felt
like I couldn't really talk to a lot of
professors and you being with studio
neighbor a lot yeah yeah I think that
time especially that time where I was
just like I caught anything I called you
once remember you're like yeah and I
called later over that day I called my
dad then I called you after that because
I was just like I was just so frustrated
but
when I look in the mirror what do you
think is the first thing I criticize
[Applause]
and when I do think are severe and when
you look when you only turn when I hear
that was the first thing that you
criticize yes probably
bye-bye
okay look yeah why what do you know
anybody who's having ham but like not
even like I know I guess this is like
growing up like I always had very bad
like i dance-like for my entire life I'm
like in life a culture like these candy
is like everything especially it was
like we want to do point you have to
maintain certain weight just because
your feet your ankles can't support it
versus the Imamate kind of thing and
it's just like I guess like when I was
younger I was like really chubby and
just being surrounded by like super thin
people it always influenced me deeply
vertically I don't have to be harder on
myself
that's just one thing that a lot of
girls go through yeah I mean like we're
always like we're on different islands
you know what's messed up it's the fact
that you will criticize yourself but
like if I were to precise myself
you'd be like no what are you talking
about that's crazy you know that glitter
all day night a mother right sex is the
only thing and I give you a so much
advice but like I do not seek my advice
yeah
and we do that a lot do so true
[Music]
shee-it yeah you're like no cuz you're
not afraid to like say what you want you
know what I mean
yeah like I feel like I'm always I mean
now I think you definitely I got better
yeah since freshman year but I always
struggle with I always struggle with
just like seeing what I want to say no
degrees if you're gonna think other
things you know what I mean if you don't
want something we'll be like no I'm not
doing it but I'm just like yeah sure I'm
free on this on Sunday to help you up
that's totally fine I'll I'll do the
work I like that but I think now it's
slowly getting better and we're finding
ways to not do not yeah I think it's
definitely
Lathrop is all like like not and I
improve Alice everybody like a number
because it's like you progressed in the
sense where you they kept on telling you
not to do things you know what I mean
yeah that happened a lot to you yeah and
I think because of that you got let down
a lot but it was like I feel like even
like just exactly idea to depression leg
in your work okay you know I didn't
think so but I just I still need to work
on myself I doubt myself
yeah
what do you see me that I do not see
myself just disgusted zippy not answer
like what else maybe is there any other
thing I think like it mostly is just
like you do doubt yourself a lot and
like you bite your tongue a lot and you
take people shit like too much just
don't not that your tonight's the bleep
never I mean you can yeah yeah yeah I'm
trying though you're like a room I first
came to New York yeah no I like I have
problems in terms of not fitting it cuz
I being the only not nothing we will see
in our school but no sometimes it's a
female New Jersey
even with professors you know what I
mean I would take in a lot of the stuff
that they said about me that was
offensive and
but I think towards the end of the
semester like towards senior I was like
no I'm gonna talk back yeah
[Applause]
are are you now comfortable with art
have you progressed yeah I think I am
I'm still kinda struggling where every
senior year I like I I mean like that
whole big jump you know from my painting
stitching embroidery and then I was like
um do video player I'm gonna show six
different video that would agree and I
really push myself either I need and in
that sense I felt that accomplishment
and like you graduate and you're like
wait is that the end no so that push
yourself I didn't do bleep to be honest
I've been easy because I've just been
like focusing on the work I like finding
like sweet time for myself just to relax
and I I want to get back into it so much
and I mean like doing like little little
like sketches yeah that was sketched in
like five months you know yeah I miss
holder is great but like schedule with
me everywhere in the watercolor and
stuff like that and I stopped doing
because they're not so stressed out but
now I'm slowly getting back into it and
I like what ya lookin fire that they
make you think like Oh illustrations
illustrations yeah that's you know what
I mean anything like how this is going
to help but it's like it's very very
thick
like makes you slow down that you know
what I need to build up your practice
even more the act of observing I know
how are you been doing like we've been
doing you are recently I don't like I'm
Instagram like you're posting like like
your meaningless auto shoes and stuff
yeah basically look cute than I ever do
just like doing like performance art
stuff yeah and like we've developed this
whole thing laverna start leveraging the
YouTube channel called traction America
so we have two different characters that
you start to like really develop and you
have like the
like the way all of that stuff and it's
let me have a couple of videos on
YouTube right now but they're all on
private right it's just like getting
them you know out there this something
that's like like but that's like a
feature they need to continue out of it
yeah it's not just it's not just
something for fun you know yeah yeah I
mean like it's for fun but and I thought
I could be fun to add in there and like
professional ones I will think like that
yeah that's something like since
graduation but what's for display okay
look we don't have any professors
[Music]
we are
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah probably like most hesitancy over
you let me tell you like who felt like
there's telling you important things
exciting happy things but yeah probably
the only thing I really don't tell you
know but like honestly what I really
admire or like really appreciate about
you is the fact that you're so
understanding
look in the sense of like as a friend
you understand there's certain things
that I'm not comfortable to talk about
or there are certain things that I don't
do because of my faith beliefs this and
that not a lot of people do that you
know no like I said like you know like
you don't question look when I tell you
like every drink or some other your life
and you like math like won't even going
or interesting you're like oh why is
that and then I'll tell you what I'll be
at school like a lot of people will be
like oh but how do you not know if you
don't try it yeah I think it's
boundaries yeah that's important yeah
what is one subpoena in me you wish you
could heal
[Music]
would you love it do you know what do
you know what I mean yeah I have pretty
good I said I don't want to cross that
boundary list it's too much a big thing
I play I know what you're gonna say
as a friend what I would like to feel
for you is to know that people aren't
going to be I'm not gonna didn't know
that you were gonna say that
I'm not going to go into the detail of
the past because that's your quest like
I'm a firm believer of like the past is
past and you don't have to bring it up
because I know you struggled so much
with it Jamie senior it was it was so
hard for you yeah I don't know how you
went through that either and I just want
you to know like I'm here for you
I appreciate that
you know I do know that you have to like
cover up yeah look what you know what I
know you do that as like but like with
me I know with me you don't have you
don't do that 20 percent and that's this
we've gotten so close and I know like
I've only known you for like three years
but I feel like I've known you for such
a long time and it's because like we
were always wearing out front together
and if I was uncomfortable with
something you'll be like okay yeah we're
not gonna we're not gonna like make that
a big deal you know what I mean because
sometimes you need someone there just to
be there from you
[Music]
[Applause]
don't cry man oh are you okay okay okay
I'm now this is gonna go like kind of a
50/50 these some think about it a lot
yeah but it's also just like since
graduation and just like like a lot it's
on what it's late at night yeah happened
like a lot has happened between that and
now I'm just like like eating stuff but
also just like you know trying to figure
out my life
it's just like so stressful I'm just
be fine actually yes like just like a
lot of change
yeah things
which is horrible do you feel like if
it's okay for me to ask do you feel like
what you did for your performance piece
it feels something like you like you
know what I mean like because you always
had questions about it and you know what
I mean but it did it did it heal things
for you it wasn't it all sort of a
comfort yet definitely it definitely
like brought me like some sort of
resolution but like it's not like it
ended there yeah the only it's a it's a
really long time yeah it's a very
important test and I think it it's like
what you told me they're like it's not
going to end here now stupido like you
just opened up like the door to it so to
do that I think thank you stop doubting
yourself oh you can take your own advice
yeah
what is something you learned from your
upbringing you've had to unlearn
like in terms of late
to get out of her because he terms in
terms of my family honestly I have been
so blessed my parents have been so
supportive they've always encouraged me
to what I wanted to do and I have such a
strong yeah support for my and you know
like talk to them like twice a day like
every day since like I come here like
they let me like my parents allowed me
to come here and like such a young yeah
like that's so impressive that like
speech
they let me like come here at such a
young age to pursue a career or a dream
that I wanted but something that I would
like to unlearn not for my family but
from the society then I grew up with
because I moved around and I believe it
work not not only job but in terms of
the society in general and because I
grew I underwent a lot right yeah and
all the international schools that I
went to I was always the darkest kid and
I really made me question or hate my
identity in terms of my darkness I'm not
that like I grew up like thinking like
oh because I'm dark that's like a
negative part you know I I really wished
like young brown girls don't think
themselves like that yeah like we need
to stop we just stop like thinking
of only rural slightly lighter or if
we'll need robust carrier yeah org only
like you know I was able to wear short
skirts or like this and that are like if
only I could throw away my culture or
hide Michael you know what I do that's
it's a it's a part of you and it's like
something that you should not I was that
I grew up in you know yeah that's
something that I would I would look to
change about growing me growing up like
I really I I mean things so hard for
myself I mean you keep my skin color
some parts of my enemy and it's not good
yeah but like you know what it's great
now that I realize it and they're happy
with it and happens who I am you know
what
Matthieu so and that's it so yeah after
20 years but it's like that's awesome
that me now I just wish it was sooner
yeah yeah that's true
what scares you the most
being trapped like the feeling of being
stuck again like you know like I don't
know sometimes I find myself in Eva
that's just like there's no way out kind
of thing like that that scares me so
much just that entire feeling obviously
especially yeah cuz like again may had a
lot but you know really it's not just us
that make this like we don't make
ourselves feel that we you know what he
is always having people having not
artists or any to kind of tell you what
you can do
like are you in stable are you gonna be
okay
she'll like no no yeah look back but
also just like I mean like literally
feet stuck it's done with you can't
below I don't know just like just the
whole thing about life like you just
like worked so hard to it like
accomplish things and they're inside
like there's no way you don't even just
that like being in that mindset of being
and stuff that's what seriously okay
you're alive
yeah but think about it because what
you're doing is amazing you know
anything you're doing what you love I
feel like we are all going to go through
a lot you know maybe especially
graduating from like an art school going
to like art type of careers mm-hmm
we're going to face a lot of hurdles and
because of that expending I'm not going
to try to feel appreciated and stuff but
it's gonna make us stronger because
going through all those things you learn
from it topping to any other kid
actually
why do you feel wait when do you feel
like this understand you
better misunderstanding you've always
been rare you've always been very
understanding
and I mean because we have four
different backgrounds and different
beats they're all great there are going
to be certain things right you're just
going to be like oh that's what you
believe in
yeah but you don't you you don't like
questioning you don't make fun you know
and if you accept it so there's nothing
you haven't know I think you're always
up you always understand me no matter
what even though even though you're
unsure about it I don't know what do you
what do you like yeah I don't like I
don't I don't feel as though I really
miss sunders I think you're already able
to yeah I've always told you everything
about a song like at least directly from
stuff like that yeah there's like a
pretty high level of transparency and we
never meet each other like yeah yeah I
was just seeing the Jenna thing
never liked being upset at you like
we've never gotten into Legos or
anything yeah yeah it's yeah probably
just difference in they're not pretty
because I think because the reason why
you don't believe in too much I think
it's because I'm just so open to you
like it I'll tell you if I don't like
something
[Music]
what is something I will see or
understand about you
probably
until you understand me pretty well
there are probably just like just
certain things that I people trill yeah
I heard you incident or that I think
that you just don't really yeah I think
it's just cultural differences and even
then we just don't question it because
that's but like I accept you for who you
are
yeah you accept me from from quiet and
us I mean that's like that's something
that I grew up that my friends always
told me like yeah my things might be
clear being through me you know that
doesn't even began and friends yeah it's
like even though we do come from very
different backgrounds but our parents
taught us a lot as well in terms of we
always like all of our talks get Saudia
and write a little bit know you get so
political and everything like we'll go
we'll be like occupy like oh this is why
last night - like the whole system is
terrible this institution is the worst
like you should like let's stop it yeah
yeah we understand
but what do you think is the most
important lesson I'm learning at this
stage in my life
[Music]
and they just play
learn yeah just like learning to accept
like decision side me that put me in a
particular place in my life like be it
like emotionally physically whatever is
I think just like learning how to
learning like learning how to handle my
feelings in correspondence to that I
think that's like it's difficult it's
like really hard I think that's why I
haven't like struggling on this past
year but yeah
learning how to live is like yeah that's
right yeah II to like for me it's this
idea that I don't have to deal with
every single problem like I take so much
I feel like there's always a lot of my
feet yeah like oh I have to do this
actually like I have to take care of
this I have to be there for this person
and I get taken for granted a lot yeah
and upset sets in your life and I need
to stop doing that I think that's what I
kept for years
oh yes we yeah we do the other person
who did that
I know we have a free education this is
it's great personality know we had a
great education but I think now you know
what this it's being a person of color
sometimes within institutions that yes
it's hard because people always say oh
why why are you always doing racing to
everything or not this isn't sexist or
this isn't you know what I'm game but
it's like and I like you completely
ignoring our struggles and it's like
just because you bring up one issue
doesn't mean that your time to negate
anybody else's struggle or anything
that's just like bringing awareness to
something that has never like shadow
right word and you think what in a
college environment especially a
progressive I mean there has been a lot
of great professors they are students
that you make but like it's not just a
so idea huh it's especially being here
in America you know mate
yeah I obviously think about
like I guess spirits are always scared
for you it's just like the amount of
hatred that is being this beautiful
every direction it's like crazy in and
yep it's just like your thoughts to like
know that there's some way
probably
[Music]
yeah
like not lying terms of life my fate is
our home but for me it's yeah like for
me my feet literally it's like it's my
way of life yeah and it's the way of
life that I love yeah but it's people
like I like what I struggle with is I'm
so understanding with what people
believe in but it's so hard for people
to understand when I leave here that's a
nice mess you up I see it all the time
infinitely it makes me realize that like
I don't like I don't have to deal with
that stuff and like that sucks like that
point right there it's just like we're
live we're equals
yeah
but well you're not even though we went
to see yourself no I reckon I do both
human right we're friends were we right
you know and it's just sometimes people
are gonna say yes whatever I say goes
out like I have a friend who is Muslim
and I love you dearly but it's like
there's so many other people in the
world who said they would look at us
like our friendship is like crazy
[Applause]
[Music]
I think like in 2016 there yeah if you
talk about this more I feel like it's
good go on for like three hours yeah
you know what if I want to you know like
what if I want to ever send just a tiny
ball right
it just makes me so scared
let's be argue about it interpret melody
only way allergy the stars shall be
comforted by ourselves this will end
like that something externally if
something that really are
like he's the same persons and okay well
that's just the way it is no it really
rains I'm afraid when I like we forgot
to like this you know it's there's a
little fact that we ought to a stupid
argument because I think I'd like some
trash on me like on the sidewalk parking
spot cause it was like this trap can't
right there come on the world okay hell
yeah like you know you're not asking for
a belated medal or that it's just like
little things like that like he's very
impressive thinking that kills me but
it's just like you're not going to
change anything
if you don't do something about you know
a new bleep it's the same thing
you just stand by idly and watch it but
how are you know cuz it's like the way
we're thinking with this completely
rational right needs time sighs two
other people were like batshit crazy
need to lay off so it's just like no
pretty office yeah it's all perspective
and I think what's so important is to be
aware of the courage that you have yeah
you know understanding your privilege
and seeing the things that people ya
know young people okay
what have you learned from me that's
changed
[Music]
I've learned that like
going into persons it was kind of
difficult because I just felt like
everybody was like anybody's leg out for
themselves kind of thing and in that
aisle I kind of like really put myself
in my own little box and just like what
it like learning from you is that like
you don't always have to do everything
alone
I always have to like feel along because
it's like having me apart see I don't
know I just you know don't like me right
now but it's true it's like you helped
me realize that like not everybody is
like together you know like that there
are big people
you can like trust attention just like I
don't you just like seeing that from
like just be a complete stranger it's
like being so nice to somebody else like
okay
[Applause]
and you thought you are you love me so
much because like I had friends yeah
yeah exactly was it in that space it was
somewhere else living yeah like being
like practicing what I believe in
something you have a lot of people
questioning that you know where to be
like why you're here in the u.s. you're
away from your family
yeah and why still doing that yeah and
you just like you were always there like
you were the friend that I you and I'll
see you yeah yeah you guys always like
an obese come on you guys yeah cuz it's
like it really does how absolutely like
especially like remember that time
machine till I don't know if you were
there that prospect I think you were she
was like you know in the art world
complete everybody is so like out for
themselves anything
as artists we need to make each other or
each other we're not like I feel like
that there are so many people in persons
who just like don't get that you know
now I don't think it's just I mean I'm
going to say oh yeah we have argument I
think in an art not specific to the
school a lot of the times in an artist's
like a park field or environment you're
always like it's it's seen as
competition
yeah but in fact we should all be
helping each other because like that's
the whole basis of art you know what I
mean is the fact that you're going
against this this idea of like
performing but you're there to make
things happen you're there for change or
they're too late meet art yeah maybe
evening to your art and then because of
that you need you support you can just
even like I'm just gonna do things for
myself
yeah I've got a lot of money for it and
not help anyone when you see your fellow
struggling artists there and can't do
anything good don't cry
if you could wish if you could wish one
thing for me what would it be involved
both of us you go first this time in
fact wish something for you
[Applause]
Apollinaris said it our conversations at
the effectiveness of the answer I would
wish for you to always be in the arms or
in the environment but people that look
yeah I wish that like you
just to like keep being like to take the
person who are the guys I just like wish
that nobody would ever change like
nobody Wilton's like you're not you know
you're not this person people just like
change for everybody but yeah
like everything
you ever I'm a person last night care
about you because nothing but a great
friend to me and you always like you've
always shown your support for me and
like you don't even you don't even
question it like oh you like everything
but you know you don't even question
like doing these things from there just
like texting me when I'm down or like
text me when I'm great you know just
like put our bad ugly funny silly
whatever it is like you're just oh you
just showed me that you're extremely
genuine person and like that
authenticity is something that you can't
overlook you know and it's like so many
people in our and I'm just feeling I've
met so many people who just aren't and
you
you don't do what they say they do and
like you're just so like you always keep
it up all the time that's why I like
that's why we're friends like I care
about you because they're my friend I
care about you like you're just another
hue your another human being who was
good and does good things for people
whether they deserve it or not an
intelligent living
I care about you because
the first real person in New York this
is Kenneth but like yeah you will
honestly you were the first real person
here in the city that did not make me
feel uncomfortable like other really I
had like you know like I I mean like
it's not it wasn't like I was a loner
even I had friends but it was like there
wasn't that like level of respect or
gently loves you like every time you met
up you would always just be there you
like it wasn't I didn't have to like
it's not that I think there's no that's
not it but I didn't have to feel like I
had to act a certain way yeah yeah yeah
but you keep like you actually cared you
know
now you say there's nothing like you
don't deserve company more but like you
actually care that you didn't care about
the fact that I was different for her I
love you I don't know I don't know if
you had like others you know what I did
friend Jenny but like you didn't make
that like those like my entire even
though it is my entire identity you
think that as a barrier yeah I think
yeah we just like we we identify with
each other unlike others I feel like we
although we've grown up very differently
like these face a lot of like a lot of
like similar sort of a ten-city wise
and all that