when you think about the first time we
met what do you remember the first time
like me actually like no like like last
summer last summer um I remember well I
had just broken up with someone the day
I met you
so I'm really embarrassed by that fact
but I don't know I don't remember much
honestly I remember like I remember more
than you did I feel it was a good
conversation but I like it wasn't a date
it was just supposed to be friends so
yeah I don't know like it didn't feel
very yeah there wasn't much of an impact
that it made I guess which is funny it's
funny funny now I spent so much time
together yeah what do you remember I
told you I remember that I can't fake
extenuate waffles and I don't know well
I wasn't sure if like we were friends or
not like we're friends or more than
friends yeah that's true yeah well yeah
that was really it I didn't think I
don't think too much of that I don't
really think too much so like when we
went yeah like second time was done like
we actually yeah yeah why are you in
this relationship
because I want to be like I wanted to
for so long
I guess
I guess I always like I always feel like
I was always like looking for a
relationship but I don't know if like
you always worry but I always was so I
guess like after we went to Israel and I
actually got to know you I was like wow
her yeah for sure that's the one that's
really it when do you feel closest to me
I do look at a lot of times but probably
like in the morning we're laying in bed
and like I don't know like we probably
did sound like we went out the night
before we were at the ton of people it's
like Jess you and I and like we don't
even have to like talk and it's like but
like that comfort is there in that level
like intimacy is there but I also feel
really close to you like obviously when
I'm going through something and you're
there for me and I'm like crying on a
couch that's like if you remember when
everybody program it oh yeah but I like
broke out crying and you were there for
me compared to like thousands of times
I've cried in front of you well that was
okay that was okay yeah all right my
turn yeah wait no it's your turn no I
just
Eston hmm where do you hesitant to tell
me
I feel like I like briefly touch on this
topic sometimes like I'm too afraid to
like talk too much about it cuz like I
don't think it's a real problem but I
guess just like my like own level of
dependency mm-hm
I like guess I feel like bad that I'm
like I've gotten to be like very
dependent just because I've always been
super independent and I don't really
care like other people don't affect me
well I do tell you about it just like
don't I don't like to like dwell on it
because I don't want it to be a problem
I don't think it's not a proper like a
problem level yet but I don't want it to
be easily escalate yeah I don't want it
to escalate or be more than like because
when we talk about stuff we like we like
go like we go over everything like if we
have a problem we like well this well I
feel this and I feel that maybe makes so
honest so I guess I just don't want it
to be like portrayed as something bigger
than it is but like I definitely are you
scared well I'm not used to it
yeah I'm like literally so I like it
people just don't affect me a lot and I
like factor you into like almost all of
my decisions that I made which is really
weird we had this issue with study
abroad yeah it make sense yeah I mean
you know that I'm this is new to me too
and I tell you like every like minute of
our first couple of months like he's
terrifying me I know I'm getting used to
it I think I'm getting better very good
but you're good it's like hard yeah it's
scary it's like scary but if it wasn't
I'd be concerned yeah so yeah okay
hi Maya the best sex you've ever had
yes I know
okay wait I'm glad to hear it am I the
best sex remember yeah that's for sure
I definitely think so what would make
you leave me
I guess like the biggest thing is if you
ever cheated on me yeah that would just
be like like even thinking about that
it's like that would be the worst thing
ever I would never like not eat just
even like talking to someone else like
in that regard
ya know look at other people like that
would know I'm not saying no but like I
don't need your assurance I'm just
saying like if you ever did like who
knows where we'll be in like a long time
from now
I just think was more saying it's funny
like I don't even look in it like idea
like people don't even cross my radar
but like if like anything ever did
happen I don't think I could like I feel
like I'm really freaking like almost you
everything else like I would forgive you
for but I don't think I could forgive
you for that especially like regards to
like just like our past and like what it
took to get here yeah I just don't think
yeah that's definitely you just would be
a deal-breaker yeah
how do you think the fact that I was
adopted influences our relationship it
does I think it does on a large scale
but I think like what happened last
night yeah it's a prime example of like
how things that I I mean I'm I I think
it's more I need to be more aware of
what I say because things that maybe to
me or the cavalier and have really no
like I don't say them to like me and
anything but they mean something to you
because they're problems you might have
to face yeah and I think I need to be
more sensitive to that
like I just I don't ever mean to say
those things but last night like you
definitely lashed out at me and at first
I was kind of mad and I realize like you
had the total right - so not washed out
but like you like oh my god I yell at
you or anything you like
oh so sad you like very much it's just
hard no one understands well it's part
of it I know that I can't like I I can
try but I never really will be able to
yeah and I think that's like it's hard
for me cuz I like want to be able to
help you yeah but there's only so much
like I can understand yeah
what do you want to get out of this
relationship and what are you not
getting now what did I want to get what
are you getting in what are you yes I
like what I want is like someone who's
just really like there for me I'm very
supportive and understanding of them I
like weird things that I do and how OCD
I am and all that stuff what am I not
getting I feel like I'm getting it more
now but like I guess for a while like
which we spoke about I feel like
sometimes like I was giving so much more
I'm like that's how it always was like
even before we started dating like I was
always like putting so much on the table
like everything and like nothing was
like enough of an excuse to like not do
something for you or like go the extra
mile and I guess like like you've
definitely like come far very far but
like there's still times where I feel
like I definitely like go really far and
maybe like if the like situation was
reversed I don't know if like for sure
like it would be reciprocated I'd like
to think it would be but I don't know
for sure is there specific thing like an
instance that you remember it's it's
like big things and little things like
little things in like like just in our
everyday life that I like make sure you
have like everything you want and more
like heat up the cookies right for us
with your almond milk like anything you
know yeah or like just like it's more
probably just like little daily things
big things
there's definitely big things as you
can't think of it right now but um will
you tell me more when that's an issue
yes I think you are
to like bring up things twice to me like
yeah we talked about something and
licked up but I feel like you feel like
once that conversation is over then the
problem must be over yeah and it doesn't
have to be like I won't be offended if
you're like hey you're kind of like not
doing so great yeah like you can you can
sit like I'll be more strict they don't
like be afraid - okay all right
what's the sexual fantasy you have yet
to share with me oh god I feel like
there's so many of these that you don't
tell me I'm trying to think of like one
that I like I haven't shared with you I
dragged you to like buy things that's
true like every like when huh what have
I not shared with you that's true and I
even asked you the other day I like if
you would be interested in something oh
yeah
like yeah and oh it's your the shoe we
do talk about it
okay I feel bad that your sister that's
all of us oh yeah yeah that's okay I see
the question I don't think I can
what's the biggest challenge of our
relationship
it's hard to like pick like one big
thing there might be like a few like I
guess like
I think like back to like the whole like
dependency levels is a thing and like
figuring out our like boundaries in that
sense I think that's a big thing
I think another big challenge is like I
guess for us is like just like having
these sort of feelings and feeling very
like secure and like this could be very
permanent and like being okay with that
when we feel like definitely I feel like
outside pressure that like at this age
or at this point in a relationship but
you shouldn't have these feelings for
someone it shouldn't be like this so I
guess like between you and I like
managing like those expectations or like
not saying too much expecting too much
and also like in the way you and I like
have like interacted with our friends
and trying to still be like part of
their lives and also like just getting
over like what did happen in the past I
think we still do talk about it a lot
yeah and I do wish we didn't I think in
time we won't but I think like I've made
like a really such a like big effort
like really like just like look past it
it's so hard like I really like I just
don't like I don't let like the way that
like you used to be with me affect the
way you are now like I don't like take
points off for like what happened in the
past you know like it like I've been
very forgiving with that and put so much
effort into being like really just like
cool about it you know when anything
comes up to just like we really like
play it cool so I'd like like I think we
still need to get past on everything
because we still talked about it a lot
that's like
so you don't want to talk about it I
guess it's more like I just wanted like
I want to like naturally be able to like
not talk about it like not not later I
don't want that to be a part of this
like how interesting it is that like we
were so had like such problems and now
it's like so great you know like how
cool is that like Oh every time someone
asks like how long you been together
really well we've been dating for four
months but like what it's been a
10-month ordeal and like you know I mean
likes the answer you'd want me to say
there's someone else I don't know okay
I just know that that's something we
have to work on it's a charge though
it's work on that's it that's it's like
more than one big challenge that is
alive whatever what do you think I'm
missing out on by being in this
relationship
that's I'd like to think you're not
missing out on anything and that I'm
like giving something substantial to
your life
I guess what maybe people would say
you're missing out on is being the
20-something that goes and hooks up with
everyone and like you know you and I are
really happy and it is kind of serious
and our relation to not serious but like
there's a comfort level that's there and
I don't know if the hookup culture that
we're constantly surrounded by by our
friends I don't know I like I guess
maybe I think you missing that but I
like to think like I provide more than
like what I know like I'm not into that
yeah and so I don't I don't know I don't
know do you feel like you're missing
something by being with me no like it is
a trade-off but like I prefer this end
of the trade yeah like I definitely
before I started dating like spent so
much more time like just like working on
all my stuff it's being like just like I
also want your ideas like different
friends like
what do you miss how much he used to
party I mean I never really oh okay I
already think no I don't like I'm really
happy like this and I like I like I like
this I just like definitely we spend a
lot of time together you do and I'm not
used to like having such a another like
big commitment but I love it but it's
definitely like that I used to spend so
much time like just working on like my
band or my school work or my this
somebody that or like whatever I have
going in my life and like I definitely
don't as much anymore but I don't mind
it like I prefer like I don't like being
wrapped up in my work like I'm happier
like this boy that's really it it's
nothing like big I like this better than
anything
are you okay with me sleeping with other
people i confuse pace no no definitely
not what can I do to improve our sex
life there's a lot of sex - I love it -
improve it it's pretty good already but
I don't know okay I'm like trying to
think of like what's missing I mean
nothing I don't know maybe and I feel
like anything like I'm so forward with
all of that and like being honest about
like if there is something that like I
want you to change I want you to like do
differently like this and like you're
open to it so yeah I am - I feel like
we're not like the kind of people that
are like oh my god I'm so afraid to like
tell her that I don't like it this way
that she's doing it wrong or like
whatever okay all right what do you
think I'm learning from you how do not
eat terribly unhealthy food no I'm
kidding I mean I'm not well no like we
do pick up a lot of like little traits
from each other but as for like maybe
bigger bigger like I like overall
overall
I'd hope to think that I guess because
you like definitely like had all these
toxic relationships got like by like
being with me that you realize it like
that's not howling life is you know yeah
like that like you can feel like this
you know yeah so I hope that like that's
been like good for you to have someone
who just like cares about you on like
all levels you know but yes no more
unhealthy food or now you work out and
probably clean your apartment a little
bit more that's true so those little
things you're welcome
[Laughter]
when was the last time you thought about
another girl and what way and they like
I don't want to get like them and like a
like a and like away oh come on it's not
gonna hurt me no like I genuinely do not
remember the last time I've been around
someone that like I find people pretty
and I'm like oh she's so pretty but more
from like a like not a sexual like not a
like I'm interested
also like I don't find straight girls
appealing so it's like people on the
street okay but what about like like
when we first started dating again
no like I'm about before that when was
the last time like something really bad
at this yeah no like I think maybe like
on tumblr once when I saw like a photo
like look at people that way okay Big
Bear Singh it isn't very Singh I think
for like also I think part of it is that
whenever I look at someone my thought
process goes they're cute
oh and then I think about what I have
and how I prefer it so much over other
people that's nice you sure you know ah
well because like they're cute with
their personality could be terrible so
like I don't know I was like you just
mean NEVER is okay what are you going to
take away from this relationship that
question makes it sound like a when it's
over why um I don't like to think about
that so what what do I take away from it
now or what will you take away from I
mean well I take away from like in a
year or like when it's been longer
I'm really thinking I don't know that
it's really nice like to connect to
someone in the fact that that's like
possible I guess for like a while I was
definitely thinking like I just like
couldn't connect on that level or I just
wasn't able to like really connect with
other people and I don't connect very
well with like most people and I mean I
have like so many acquaintances but so
few like friends and even within those
friends I don't really like open up to
like any of them
so I guess just ship the fact that's
like possible and like human nature in
life and also just all the little things
that I think we like learn from each
other whenever like I need help
understanding a situation or a decision
or like a life path or just little
things yeah that's pretty much it
yeah I know I think
wait yeah okay no good where are you
gonna take out of it tell me I think I'm
gonna take out of it even in the end I
mean I hope I never guess that way
but just the standards that like I
should expect out of somebody and that
like you've really set such a high bar
that it's like like you taught me that
it's okay to be picky like it doesn't
mean you're like a snob or bratty it
just means like like did if you're gonna
be with someone that they should treat
you that way and I like I mean from
beginning to end well I'll take out of
it is it like you know sometimes like I
don't just how to treat people because
you treat me so nicely even when all
right thrown aback doing exactly what
you said not to do but just treating
people even like how to treat others and
how to treat people with feelings for
you okay that's what about our dynamic
relationship terrifies you
OCD qui yeah um terrifies me I'd like to
think nothing terrifies me but I think
definitely like how committed we are
like how well I've never been able to
like see my future so clearly as I do
with you
and that's kind of absolutely scary in
every way yeah like and I don't know if
like it's just how it is for everyone in
a committed relationship or I think as
Aaron likes to say it's a healthy
relationship so this is what comes along
a bit but like when we dream right when
we joke about like coughing like I want
that one like Holmes like like it's a
little scarier to be 20 and to like see
what your life could very much be like
yeah like meeting your parents like that
was very much like oh my god like they
were just you know in that way it was
just your like absolutely terrifying
even though I don't want you to be but
not terrifying that I'd ever run away
mm-hm
just the entire situation is a little
bit like low it's a little bit much yeah
like I guess it is like a what hinders
our relationship from growing
I think will grow as like as like our
situation grows like right now like
we're both busy with school and like
pursuing our different tracks and dreams
and we're definitely constrained by the
fact that we are like college students
or 20 and we're 20 you know so I think
like as we get older and like like we
were been talking about this summer like
once class starts again like somebody
cool like experienced something new
together so like as we like experience
different things especially like if we
if we do go like abroad this summer and
do something together
with like the more serious things that
we go through together I think
well like grow with that yeah I looked
at the grow as like us learning more
about each other and experiences yeah
like getting married or likes next steps
and relationships even though you like
to pretend no I know you are like no
yeah yeah who's during those years I
think yeah yeah we're getting confused
here
go ahead area doesn't does it wait who
asked this one yeah you asked what's the
most difficult lesson you've learned
from being with me most difficult
how to be in a healthy relationship but
like how not to play games how not to
like not that I was ever someone to do
that but I was always so used to being
with people that did that it kind of
became like second nature and like I
remember we was like coming home and I
and like I said something about another
girl even though I don't ever remember
what she looked like and like I realized
after the fact that I did that based on
like old habits like I did that because
in a way it was like to provoke you and
to see what you do and then it was like
this is the very like beginning of our
li I just remember trust me and but like
I realize after the fact like that's
exactly what I shouldn't do yeah that's
exactly what ends a relationship and
that's exactly what causes issues think
nothing good can come from and I've
hoped I've hoped that I've broken most
every habit I do you have but that was
something like in the beginning I
definitely struggled not like going into
these old ways there weren't me but I
just like had done them because other
stuff yes well appreciate
who sacrifices war on our relationship
and how do you feel about it well I feel
like I do like for sure I agree like I
definitely do my life has changed a lot
compared to like before we like really
started dating and now aren't dating but
I know that no one made me do that you
know what I mean yeah like I took that
upon myself that's just the way I am
like if I'm gonna be there for someone
I'm like either gonna like throw myself
at it or like no I need to talk like
what can I do to even it out I wish you
would sacrifice more but also I don't
want you to do it because I told you to
like I want it to be natural to you and
the way that it is to me and I also
don't want to feel like I'm asking too
much of you but like like just in
talking yeah
mr. Duggar in like little things yeah
that I do every day I think part of us
and I'll say this you won't ever sleep
over in my apartment I know you can't
part of it is it intermission are you
saying any partly because they don't see
very partners yeah I'm not gonna say
that's huge but I think like part of it
is I can't take care of you the way you
take care of me when like I'm in your
home and like I don't ever want to ask
you to not be somewhere that you feel
uncomfortable and but like yeah that's
something that like it doesn't bother me
but I guess it's kind of like I wish it
could be more equal but I once again
like I want you to do once I don't want
you to be there and like not be happy so
I know you like your way in like how
your life is set up I'm just like I'm
super like xev
my apartments really clean no like I
love you okay but I'm just saying like I
feel like obviously outside there's
other stuff I can do but like the things
you do in your apartment when you take
care of me when you cook for me when you
like offering me any of your clothes
because I can't even do that for you
yeah because there's just like no space
and I agree with that so like I agree
that like the scenario like yeah sets it
up for me to sacrifice more but I still
think I think this other way like that
way yeah no I agree and like I just
definitely sometimes feel like kind of
lame cuz like I just like will do
anything for you like really like mostly
yeah you know so like I guess like I
know that you do have those intentions
which is why I like our relationship is
so great but it would be like I feel
like I could just be like even more
amazing I guess you know do we have
enough sex no no I don't think we do
we're also really tired and busy lately
you're trying to say I feel like it's
not gonna try it's also okay but still
okay
no I think we like obviously I think we
would have more if we weren't always
tired that's true like it isn't because
you're I like don't want you there's
always like a very valid reason why
we're not something yeah no I understand
I don't think we have enough but I also
think you know like when would we insert
it I feel like I know I know
but I think that answer will always be
no like we could be having tons a nights
we'll be like I want more okay that's
okay that's fine I don't know if I want
you to answer this what is it yeah I
don't know I'll read it to you you know
what's my super sex skill that you can't
get enough of we can pass but I'm just
thinking hmm you can just show you read
off the list okay okay there better be a
list do you believe there is the one for
you and I it
hmm no but I believe in like time and
place and like there's probably multiple
people in like the world they could work
for you like my name is part of me that
was how I was raised my mom was very big
like there's tons of people out there
and like you can meet the right person
at the wrong time like I do believe that
I'm also not someone who like can I
don't believe in like the whole one true
love like forever
do I think you could be the person I
spend the rest my life with absolutely
okay what do you think I don't know I I
don't think about it like like it's a
Disney movie I'm like oh it's just like
I'm dead yeah I got I'll think about
that but like in the way that people say
like the one like when you meet someone
you really click with I'm like you just
don't see what would tear it apart yeah
yeah I just see that like I guess when I
say I don't see I just think about us
like ever not being together which is
like crazy
maybe but like I just don't like it's
just it's so like it just seems like
like ridiculous but like which is part
of why I think it took
for us to get here but like who knows
well like as right now yeah I do feel
like that call me crazy but I do
which one of my friends have you slept
with I mean would you sleep with no I
well I don't really know that many of
your friends anyways but we're friends
are gay men yeah no one I love all your
friends oh they're very sweet but I
don't know many them they're also like
three-year committed relationships good
for them no one I don't know are you
ready to only have sex with me the rest
of your life yeah I'm not someone who's
long I'm not I don't think I'm someone
who's like I want to have multiple
partners like that is less appealing is
more like how interesting can I make the
one partner like yeah you know like
that's more my like you can teach
someone anything like it's like if you
want to learn something you can learn it
I don't know I don't really think of sex
that way yeah okay yeah yeah that's
interesting though I know yeah me
neither
mmm what's the biggest compromise you've
made that I haven't acknowledged
thank you acknowledged all like I feel
like the things I've seen yet but is
there something I'd you think I haven't
acknowledged them enough I don't need
you I don't need to do but like I I do
make a lot of compromises for you now
yeah I always do well I just know that
if you weren't here my life would be
really different but like I'm happy
about that
you know like I'm happy I guess I don't
think of the word compromise now to make
compromises negative like it's like well
it doesn't have to be yeah like if you
haven't acknowledged like I think you do
acknowledge like I just don't spend as
much time doing the things I used to do
but I think you know that like I'm happy
being with you so like that that
shouldn't matter yeah you know I do like
hope I think we've made like a really
good effort to still be really like
there for all of our friends
I think we've I hope I hope that like my
friends feel that way you know and I
definitely fear that they don't because
I do like just because I'm with you
doesn't mean I love them any less I
think it's really easy when we see like
nameless person one the nameless person
to who won't leave each other and have
abandoned most of their friends for each
other yeah it's like I think it's very
easy to be like we're not like that but
are we but I think I'd like to think we
haven't ya know we got doing a really
good job I try I'm just addressing till
it balances with everything but I think
that everything's fine I'm happy to make
compromises for you yeah yeah
do you want to marry me yeah but like
I'm terrified of the answer
I think it's vast answer huh yeah I mean
didn't I just say yeah yeah oh you like
one day like seven years from now like
seven yeah it's yeah I know I know
we know this conversation but like I
think it's also hard to like say that
like it's more like we can say that and
we think it's real and like obviously I
think the people that know us well I
think it's real for like everyone else
could be like you've only been together
like you're only 20 yeah we should have
your best your life ahead of you really
yeah but no no it happens well it's
funny cuz my roommate asked if we're
gonna live together I was like what's
the need for that but why do you think
you marry me
yeah for sure I can't imagine like not
yeah for sure
definitely why do you love me
while I love a lot of things about you I
feel like we're like of the same in the
sense we come from a lot of the same
stuff and we have a lot of the same
perspectives and goals so it's really
nice to like click over that and I love
like who we are together like who you
are when you're with me and who I am
when I'm with you and I just know just
like we're pretty awesome as we're
together so I love you for that and for
for for that you love me so I like
there's just like it's like a back and
forth like everything that I feel like
you said I feel and then you feel - so
yeah I think you're a very nice person
nice Jewish girl Thanks just what our
parents yeah yeah